Visit - Gore Place
Skip navigation and go to content
Go to navigation
-->
Membership
Donate
Enter search term
About
The Historic Estate
Staff and Board
Subscribe to Our Email Newsletter
The Agrarian: Our Newsletter
Contact
Visit
Tours
Directions & Parking
Accessibility
Interactive Map
Kids & Family
Free and Low-Cost Experiences
What's On
Sheepshearing Festival
Sheepshearing Vendors and Performers
FAQs and Festival Accessibility Information
Rentals
Weddings
Corporate Events
Special Events
Children’s Birthday Parties
Prices and Dates
Event Spaces
Support
Spring into Summer
Membership
Donate
Volunteer
Planned Giving
Community Partners
Visit
Gore Place is located at
52 Gore St, Waltham, MA 02453
We are a 19th-century mansion & museum, with 50 acres of green space, and a working farm with a historic and rare breed of sheep. There is so much to explore at Gore Place! Join us for indoor or outdoor programs, or visit our grounds from dawn to dusk on a self-guided visit. Questions?
Contact us here.
Our Grounds
Our grounds are free and open to the public from dawn to dusk every day, unless there is a special event. Parking is free. No pet dogs, please. See our map
here
.
Take a Mansion Tour
You can visit the Gores' 1806 Mansion by guided tour. View tour schedules and admission fees at
Mansion Tours
.
Indoor and Outdoor Programs
Visit our
What's On
page for details about upcoming programs and to purchase tickets. Gore Place has something for everyone. Join us for concerts, evening tours, outdoor programs, and festivals!
Pet Policy
Pets are not allowed at Gore Place. We welcome your service animals.
Host your Private Event at Gore Place
Make your wedding, company party, or social gathering a historic one at Gore Place.
Learn about rentals here.
For children's birthday party rentals, see our
party themes and rates here.
Restrooms
Accessible bathrooms are available during programs and tours.
Our Office is Open
Our office is open during regular business hours. You can call the office at (781) 894-2798 or email us. Please be in touch — we love to hear from you!
Photography Policy
Photography and Videography for Personal Use
Visitors may take non-commercial, personal photos and videos at Gore Place. Gore Place does not allow aerial/drone use without prior permission of Gore Place's main office. On indoor Mansion tours, we allow photography in certain rooms and your tour guide will tell you which rooms. If you're on Instagram, tag your photos and videos #goreplace and follow us @goreplace.
Photography and Videography for Commercial Use
Anyone taking photos or videos for commercial use (such as professional photographers and videographers, including aerial/drone videographers) must get permission from Gore Place’s main office prior to any photography or videography sessions. Please call us at 781-894-2798 to inquire about permission to hold a photography or videography session here.
Have questions about how accessible our property and museum are?
Learn more
here
!
Watertown Cultural District
Gore Place is a member of the Watertown Cultural District. Check out their
2026 Visitor Guide
for upcoming programs and events at Gore Place and other local cultural institutions.
Stay in touch with us:
Sign up for our
email list
and get all of our latest events delivered right to your inbox! We don't send a million emails, we promise.
Upcoming Events
EXHIBITION: Pattern & Place: Wallpapers of the Gore Mansion, 1806-Present
May 8, 2026
| All day
- Jul 10, 2026
| All day
Plant Sale Weekend! May 15 - 17, 2026
May 15, 2026
| 9:00 am
Devil's in the Details Evening Tour
May 22, 2026
| 7:00 pm
Looking for a venue for your wedding or corporate event?
Contact Event Rentals
"...Touch, sound and smell can bring the day-to-day activities in a 19th century home to life for all guests."
- KC
Did You Know?
Gore Place has the largest and finest collection of Boston-made Federal-period furniture of any historic house museum in the US.
Support Gore Place
Help us continue our mission!
Become A Member
Learn about Planned Giving
Donate to the Annual Fund
Volunteer
The mission of Gore Place is to continue Christopher and Rebecca Gore's spirit of innovation and appreciation of natural beauty and culture through public programming and events at the Gores' 1806 country estate that encompasses a museum, green space, and a working farm.
Latest News
Reticules at Gore Place
February 23, 2026
Learn about reticules following our winter 2026 traditional skills workshop
Welcome Connor McElhinney
January 30, 2026
Gore Place welcomes Connor McElhinney as Collections Specialist
Free Tour Day December 19 2025
December 16, 2025
Gore Place gives back to the community with free tours on December 19 2025
Stay Informed
Subscribe to our low-volume email newsletter to learn about upcoming events and special offers.
Subscribe
Gore Place
52 Gore Street
Waltham, MA 02453
USA
Quick Links
Directions and Parking
Library Passes
Guided Tours
Estate
Contact Us
Accessibility
© 2026 Gore Place. All rights reserved
Contact
Policies
Press Room
Phone Number