Visitor Guidelines - New England Botanic Garden at Tower Hill
Skip to content
Non-English translations are not
official government translations.
Language
X
-->
VISIT
Plan Your Visit
Spring at the Garden
Blooms at the Garden
Gardens
Garden Map & Details
Apple Orchard
The Ramble
Climate Garden
Shopping
The Garden Shop
Online Store
Gift Cards
Dining
Weddings and Event Rentals
Weddings
Weekday Meetings
Social Events
Children’s Birthday Parties
Group Visits and Tours
EVENTS
Calendar
Special Events
Exhibitions
Garden Dining Series
Plant Shows & Sales
Weddings and Event Rentals
Weddings
Weekday Meetings
Social Events
Children’s Parties
Photography Policy
LEARN
Calendar
40th Anniversary
Adult Education
Kids & Families
Publications and Newsletters
Cary Award Winning Plants
Resources
Horticultural Help Line
Educators and Schools
Community Engagement & Outreach
MEMBERSHIP
Member Log In
Join or Renew
Gift of Membership
John Green Society Membership
Organizational Membership
Tails ‘n Trails Dog Membership
SUPPORT
Dedicate a Daffodil
Ways to Give
Donate
Impact In Action
Giving Week
Growing Boldly
Planned Giving
Business Partnerships
Volunteer
ABOUT
Garden Blog
Sign Up for E-Newsletter
About Us
Who We Are
Environment and Sustainability
Community Engagement & Outreach
Jobs and Internships
Press Room
Awards
Annual Meeting
Financials
Request a Donation
DONATE
Search for:
Search for:
Visitor Guidelines
Abby Kalinowski
2025-08-19T19:42:50+00:00
VISITOR GUIDELINES
Guidelines
To ensure you have the best visit possible, we encourage you to do the following:
Explore our website prior to your visit.
Click the maps below to download them, and learn about our unique
garden spaces
.
Check our
hours of operations
and note special announcements.
Dress for the weather and wear comfortable walking shoes. Bring water, a hat, sunscreen, and bug spray as needed. Insects, including ticks, bees, and mosquitoes, are part of our ecosystem.
Bring your own wheelchair, mobility scooter, stroller, or wagon. Wheelchairs are available to borrow on a first-come, first-served basis.
Visit the
Garden Shop
for gifts and tools for aspiring and veteran gardeners of all ages!
Add a
membership
to your ticket purchase for instant access to member discounted tickets! If you are a member, please bring your membership card to take advantage of discounts in the Garden Shop.
Follow us on social media, @newenglandbg, to learn about upcoming events.
Take photos!
Photography Policy
Picnic
on our lawns throughout the formal gardens.
Bring your
dog to walk
.
Please be considerate when using your cell phone.
Please refrain from the following during your visit:
Straying from the paths and disobeying posted signage and safety barricades.
Rearranging plants, plant labels, containers, benches and other structures that are part of the garden.
Sunbathing (shirts and shoes required at all times).
Climbing trees, picking plants and flowers, walking into fountains or water features.
Feeding and touching the wildlife.
Releasing plants, seeds, or creatures, including butterflies, at New England Botanic Garden at Tower Hill. To learn why this is important, please see Xerces Society butterfly release
policy
.
The following items are prohibited in the Garden:
Smoking, e-cigarettes, vaping, and any illegal substances.
Small group picnicking is allowed, but no barbecuing, outside alcohol, or outside catering. Carry out what you carry in, including trash.
Pets, except
service animals
and leashed dogs.
Toys that can cause damage to the plant collection and wildlife, such as balloons.
Radios, musical instruments, and equipment for active sports (balls, Frisbees, kites, scooters, and bikes).
Drones.
Firearms and other weapons.
Other Guidelines
Dog Guidelines
Leashed dogs are welcome year-round except during special after hours events, such as Night Lights. All dogs must be leashed, and are not permitted indoors further than the Visitors Center Lobby.
Dogs not covered by a Tails ‘n Trails membership are charged $8 admission per dog.
Only one dog per person is allowed to visit the Garden at one time.
Dogs are allowed to visit the Garden year-round, except during special after hours ticketed events such as Night Lights
.
Service dogs are welcome throughout the property during all open hours.
Dogs must be leashed at all times and under the control of their handlers. Dogs should not go off leash at any time during your visit.
The only area of the building where dogs are permitted is in the lobby of the Visitor Center at the Garden.
We ask that you please use discretion where you permit your dogs to relieve themselves. The Garden has a world renowned and scientifically important collection of plants, which may be sensitive to dogs’ urine. Dogs are not permitted to walk onto planting beds or into fields or woodlands. The Garden also has a high tick population so we encourage keeping your dogs on paths and trails.
Our ponds are habitats for birds, turtles, small fish as well as certain aquatic plants. In order to ensure these precious habitats remain intact, please do not allow your dog in or near the ponds. Even walking your dog on the edges of the ponds can damage this sensitive ecosystem.
Dog handlers are required to clean-up after their dogs. Dog handlers must use “doggie bags” and dispose of them in the designated receptacles.
The Garden has the right to revoke a Dog Membership or remove any dog at any time if dog handlers do not clean-up after their dogs or abide by any of the dog policies.
Aggressive dogs are not permitted. The Garden reserves the right to refuse entry to or remove any dog thought to be dangerous to guests or other dogs.
Tails ‘n Trails membership program and dog admission is only available for dogs. We ask that you leave all other pets at home.
Instructors Bringing Classes to NEBG
Instructors leading external for-fee classes must pay a $500 fee to visit the Garden with their class. In addition, the instructor and students must pay garden admission. All external fee-based class visits must be submitted in advance to the
Private Events Department
for approval by New England Botanic Garden at Tower Hill. Alternatively, you can contract with us to teach a program at New England Botanic Garden at Tower Hill. We work with instructors from across the United States to deliver high-quality education programming for adults.
Find out more here.
PLAN YOUR VISIT
GARDEN MAP
ACCESSIBILITY
ADMISSION DISCOUNTS
VISITOR AMENITIES
PARKING AND DIRECTIONS
VISITOR GUIDELINES
GROUP VISITS
PHOTOGRAPHY POLICY
MEMBERSHIP
Location
New England Botanic Garden at Tower Hill
11 French Drive
P.O. Box 598
Boylston, MA 01505-0598
Phone: 508.869.6111
Contact Us
Explore
Plan Your Visit
Calendar
Private Events
The Garden Shop
Farmer and the Fork Cafe
Photography Policy
Accessibility
Support
Your support helps us connect people with plants.
Become A Member
Planned Giving
Stay Connected
Sign up for our e-news to receive latest updates
Follow Us
Accuracy may vary in non-English translations.
Language
Default Font Size
110%
120%
130%
140%
150%
160%
170%
180%
190%
200%
Font Size
A
A
Worcester County Horticultural Society, owner and operator of New England Botanic Garden at Tower Hill, is a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit. EIN: 04-1988945
Privacy Policy
Page load link
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All,” you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Read our privacy policy.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This
Privacy Notice
describes the personal information that New England Botanic Garden at Tower Hill (“
NEBG
”, “
we
”, “
our
”, or “
us
”) collects when you use the NEBG website at https://nebg.org/ (the “
Website
”), how we use it, with whom we share it, and the choices you have in connection with this.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
Through your use of our Website, we collect personal information, which is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to you as an identifiable individual. We collect personal information from you directly and automatically as you use our Website.
A. Information You Provide To Us
We will collect personal information from you if you engage with our Website. Specifically, we collect personal information from you when you:
Donate
. When you make a donation to NEBG, we will collect your identifiers (name, email address, title, organization name (if applicable), address, telephone number) and payment information (billing address, credit card number, CVV, expiration date). We will use this information to process your donation and provide any applicable tax form. Please note our payment processor collects and processes the payment information directly on our behalf and NEBG only maintains historical payment information.
Make a Purchase
. When you make a purchase on our Website, we will collect your identifiers (name, email address, title, organization name (if applicable), address, telephone number) and payment information (billing address, credit card number, CVV, expiration date). We will use this information to process your purchase and communicate with you about your purchase. Please note our payment processor collects and processes the payment information directly on our behalf and NEBG only maintains historical payment information.
Subscribe to Our E-news
. When you opt in to receive e-news updates, we will collect your identifiers (name, address and email address). We will use this information to email you our newsletter. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in each email. Please note that we will continue to send you notifications necessary to your membership or requested products or services. Our communications contain tracking technologies, provided by Constant Contact, to gain valuable insight into behavior of recipients. With the help of these technologies, we can analyze whether a predefined action took place by a recipient, such as opening our communications, in order to better adapt and distribute our communications. When you opt-in to our marketing communications, you are opting into the use of these technologies. You can disable tracking by disabling the display of images by default in your email program.
Enroll to be a Member
. When you sign up to be a member, we will collect your identifiers (name, address, email address, telephone number), type of membership, or enrollment in a special membership program, and payment card information (card number, expiration date), and if you sign up online, your selected username and password. We will use this information to enroll you as a member, communicate with you regarding your membership, and process your membership payment. Your payment information will be securely shared with our payment processor, that will process the payment on our behalf. You can unsubscribe from promotional emails at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in each email. Please note that we will continue to send you notifications necessary to your membership or requested products or services.
Plan to Make a Gift
. When you request additional information about how to make a gift, we will collect, through our third-party gift management provider, your identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, address). We will also collect information about the type of gift you are inquiring about (e.g., by will or trust, life insurance, beneficiary designation, IRA charitable rollover), and whether you would like to be sent additional information regarding estate planning, scheduling a consultation, and illustration about the benefits you may receive by making a gift. We will use this information to process your request, and communication with you about your request.
Sign Up to Volunteer and Submit a Volunteer Timesheet
. When you fill out our online form to sign up to volunteer, we will collect your identifiers (name, telephone number, email address), the date of your request, the area of NEBG with which you wish to volunteer, and any other information you wish to include in the “Messages/Comments” field. We will use this information to process your volunteer request and contact you about volunteer opportunities. When you submit a volunteer timesheet, we will collect you identifiers (name and email address), and the date number of hours and job you volunteered for. We will use this information to process the timesheet and share such timesheet with whomever you explicitly request us to share it with.
Inquire about a Private Event
. When you inquire with NEBG through the Website about a private event (e.g., wedding, weekday meetings, social events, children’s parties) we will collect your identifiers (name, email address, membership status, telephone number, company name (if applicable), event details (type of event, description of the event, event date, event time, number of attendees), how you heard about us, and any other information you wish to provide. We will use this information to process your request to host an event at NEBG and communicate with you regarding your request.
Submit a Product to Our Online Shop
. When you submit a request for NEBG to sell your products in our store, we will collect your identifiers (name, company name, email address, address), product/business website URL, product description, information contained in the files you attach to the request, retain price range, minimum order quantity, whether the product is handmade, whether the product is made locally or regionally, and other stores or websites where your product is sold.
Create an Account
. When you create an account through our Website, we will collect your identifiers (email address and selected password). We will use this information to manage your account, facilitate tour reservations, and communicate with you about our services and offerings. If you have not opted-out of this when submitting your information, we use your name and email address to send you marketing communications. You may unsubscribe to promotional messages at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email. If you unsubscribe, we will continue to send you messages related your account.
Contact us.
When you send us a question or inquiry, you will provide us with your identifiers (name and email address) and any other information you choose to include in your correspondence. We use this personal information to respond to your questions or inquiries, troubleshoot where necessary, and address any issues you have with the Website or your interaction with NEBG.
Complete a Boxed Lunch Menu Form.
When you complete a boxed lunch form, we will collect the from you your identifiers (name, email address), and details about your lunch menu request (number of each type of sandwich, date and time for pickup, tour visit date). We will use this information to process and fulfill (if possible) your request.
Complete a Business Partnership Form.
When you complete this form, we will collect from you, your identifiers (name, job title, business email address, business telephone number, business address) preferred method of contact, type of organization, interest in learning about opportunities at NEBG, how you learned about NEBG, and any additional information you wish to provide. We will use this information to process and facilitate your request and communicate with you about your request.
Complete a Sponsored Event Request Form.
When you complete this form, we will collect from you, your identifiers (name, address, telephone number, email address), organization name, website, mission, organization EIN, type of event, date of event, number of attendees, description of the event. We will use this information to process and facilitate your request and communicate with you about your request.
Complete a Group Visit/Tour Form.
When you complete this form, we will collect your identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, address), requested date and time of the visit or tour, your selection of the type of tour of visit, and any special needs or questions. We will use this information to process and facilitate your request and communicate with you about your request.
Complete a Field Trip and Youth Group Visit Reservation Form.
When you complete this form, we will collect your identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, address), group name, grade/age range of the group, program requested, number of participants and chaperones, preferred date of the visit, and preferred time of the visit. We will use this information to process and facilitate your request and communicate with you about your request.
We may also use the personal information we collect as described in this section to comply with the law, to efficiently maintain our business, and for other limited circumstances as described in
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
.
B. Information Collected Automatically
In addition to the personal information you provide, when you use our Website, we automatically collect information via cookies and similar technology. This information includes your:
Usage information:
We use functional cookies to collect information about your interaction with our Website, such as the pages you visit, the frequency of access, how much time you spend on each page, what you click on, and the referring website address. We use this personal information to: (i) enhance user experience; (ii) prevent fraudulent use of the Services; and (iii) diagnose and repair errors.
Device information:
We use functional cookies to collect certain information about the device you use to access our Website, such as browser type, browser language, hardware model, operating system, and your preferences. We use this personal information to: (i) enhance user experience; (ii) prevent fraudulent use of the Services; (iii) diagnose and repair errors; (iv) remember your preferences; and (v) provide enhanced functionality.
Location information:
We use functional cookies to collect information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address. We use this personal information to: (i) enhance user experience; (ii) prevent fraudulent use of the Services; (iii) diagnose and repair errors; (iv) remember your preferences; and (v) provide enhanced functionality.
To opt-out of interest-based advertising generally or to learn more about the use of this information by our service providers, you can visit the
Network Advertising Initiative
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
. If you choose to opt-out, we will place an “opt-out cookie” on your computer. The “opt-out cookie” is browser specific and device specific and is operable only until cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The “opt-out cookie” will not work for essential cookies, which are cookies that are important to how our Website works. If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade your browser, or if you visit us from a different computer, you must return to the links above to re-select your preferences.
Particular third-party cookies on our Website include:
Google Analytics
. For the Website, we use Google Analytics to collect information on your use of the Website to improve our Website. To collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from applications you have downloaded that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Website or to another application that partners with Google is governed by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy, available for review
here
. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics, which can be found
here
.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
General Sharing
NEBG may share the personal information identified in this Privacy Notice within NEBG, with service providers, or with other third parties. These instances include:
Within NEBG.
We may share your personal information within NEBG for legitimate business purposes, to efficiently carry out our business, and to the extent permitted by law.
With service providers.
We may share your personal information with service providers that assist us in providing the Website and our Services. These service providers include our IT support provider, client relationship and management provider, e-commerce platform, payment processor, event planning and private rental provider, gift management provider, and email marketing provider.
With third parties.
We may need to disclose your personal information to third parties, such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory bodies to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect against fraud or other illegal activities, prevent harm, for risk management purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations.
In the event of a corporate reorganization.
If we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, we would share personal information with third parties, including the buyer or target (and their agents and advisors) for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction. We may also share personal information with third parties if we undergo bankruptcy or liquidation, in the course of such proceedings.
With your consent.
Apart from the reasons identified above, we may request your permission to share your personal information for a specific purpose. We will notify you and request consent before you provide the personal information or before the personal information you have already provided is shared for such purpose. You may revoke your consent at any time by reasonable written notice.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION CHOICES
Marketing communications.
You may opt-out of receiving our newsletter and other marketing communications from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link provided with each communication. We will continue to send you notifications necessary to the Website and your membership, the services, or any assistance you request.
NEVADA RESIDENTS
If you are a consumer in the State of Nevada, you may request to opt-out of the current or future sale of your personal information. We do not currently sell any of your personal information under Nevada law. However, you can submit a request to opt-out of future sales by contacting us at info@nebg.org. Please include “Opt-Out Request Under Nevada Law” in the subject line of your message.
DO NOT TRACK
We do not support Do Not Track (DNT). Do Not Track is a
preference
that you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We implement and maintain certain security measures to protect the information we collect and maintain, including, but not limited to, access controls. However, no security measure or modality of data transmission over the Internet is fully secure and do not make any warranty or representation regarding the security of the personal information we have collected from you.
AGE RESTRICTION
The Services are not intended for individuals under the age of eighteen (18).
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time in our reasonable discretion. We will post the changes to this page, and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. You should periodically review our Privacy Notice to stay informed of any changes to this Privacy Notice. If we make changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will notify you by prominently posting on our Website.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice or our information collection practices, please contact us:
New England Botanic Garden at Tower Hill
11 French Drive
P.O. Box 598
Boylston, MA 01505-059
info@nebg.org
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
SAVE & ACCEPT