Hours & Tickets – Plan Your Farm Adventure | Davis Farmland
Skip to content
Toggle Navigation
Plan Your Visit
Hours & Tickets
Memberships
COW-lendar of Events
Food & Drink
Faq’s and Policies
Things To Do
Attractions
Cowabunga Splash Park
U Pick Apples
Name the Baby Contest
Reservations
Birthday Parties
School Field Trips
Groups
Cabana Rentals
About us
History
Contact Us
Employment
Sustainability & Conservancy
Are We Open?
Buy Tickets
Toggle Navigation
Plan Your Visit
Hours & Tickets
Memberships
COW-lendar of Events
Food & Drink
Faq’s and Policies
Things To Do
Attractions
Cowabunga Splash Park
U Pick Apples
Name the Baby Contest
Reservations
Birthday Parties
School Field Trips
Groups
Cabana Rentals
About us
History
Contact Us
Employment
Sustainability & Conservancy
Hours & Tickets
Pricing
Admission includes more than 50 MOO-velous activities!
Each ticket admits one person age two years or older.
Early Spring Schedule
Wednesday – Friday
Open 9:30-4 PM
last admission at 3 PM
General Admission (age 2-59) $28.95
Seniors (60+) $25.95
Saturday – Sunday
Open 9:30-5 PM
last admission at 4 PM
General Admission (age 2-59) $31.95
Seniors (60+) $28.95
Monday – Tuesday
CLOSED
Closed Mondays and Tuesdays
through May 17.
SAVE $4 PER TICKET – BUY ONLINE DISCOUNT TICKETS!
There’s a limited number of discount tickets available. Tickets at the gate are always available.
Add-Ons!
Moo Moo Souvenir
Animal Feed Cups
$5 per cup
Pony Rides
95 pound weight limit
$10 per ride
U- Pick
Apples & Pumpkins
In the fall
Additional Information
There is a limited number of discount tickets available online, at the gate tickets are always available. Tickets are nonrefundable.
Adults
must be accompanied by at least one child 12 years or younger when visiting Davis Farmland.
We offer two types of general admission tickets. Those purchased at the gate, and those purchased online. Online tickets offer a discounted price.
All general admission tickets share the same farm entry. Only Farmland Members have an express entry.
Davis Farmland is cashless – we accept all major credit cards.
Learn More.
Apply your admission ticket to a Membership
Become a member! Apply your paid admission ticket to your membership within 7 days of visiting. One applicable admission can be applied per member.
Weather Guarantee
No need to worry, If the weather looks questionable…if Davis Farmland is forced to close due to weather, we will give rain tickets to all general admission guests inside of the farm at the time of closing! You can come back and enjoy another full day of farm FUN!
Admission Policy
Davis Farmland is a family-owned, Children’s Discovery Farm in Sterling, MA. We are a child-centered business and for the past 20 years we have focused exclusively on children who are age 12 years or younger (chronologically), and their accompanying adults. The safety of our guests is of paramount importance to us. We use child safe wristbands and a single entrance/exit security system. Davis Farmland is the first accessible farm in Massachusetts, taking all disabilities into account in our design. We have always strived to be at the forefront of security and comfort for our guests. Examples include a nursing room, multiple hand washing and sanitizing stations, diaper facilities, and family bathrooms.
Our Children’s Discovery Farm is an experiential learning environment for young children to learn by interacting with animals and playing in the great outdoors. We are home to North America’s largest sanctuary of endangered farm animals as well as having endless play events and structures that are specifically designed and developmentally appropriate for young children.
Any child age 12 years or younger is always warmly welcomed at Davis Farmland. Any adult who is accompanied by a child age 12 years or younger is also always welcomed. Over the years, we have received many requests for departure from this policy, but legally and logistically we are unable to make exceptions. Please understand that we have only two options: allow admission for everyone or restrict admission universally. As a Children’s Discovery Farm, we have chosen the latter in order to ensure the safety and comfort of our young guests.
In 2019, we began testing the concept of offering special events for all ages around our general Farmland schedule. We have since expanded this concept into multiple 21+ adult nights and All Ages Weekends on the farm.
Check our website often for the latest updated information.
Please Notice: NO outside alcohol, cook tops, grills, pets, smoking or vaping allowed at Davis Farmland.
Wristband Policy
Davis Farmland puts safety first. To ensure the safety of all guests who visit, there is one entrance and one single secure exit. At check-in, everyone in your group (including children under 2) will receive a wristband with a matching number. Please keep wristbands on the entire day. We will remove them at the exit matching up the number, making sure children are leaving with the correct adults.
If your child will be leaving with a different adult than they arrived with, both parties will need to go to Guest Information and we will adjust wristbands.
If a child in your group has lost their wristband, a photo will be taken at the exit of the adults leaving with the child and your photo ID. These photos are held securely and deleted every 30 days. If you do not have a photo ID with you, you will need to go Guest Information and complete the necessary forms to exit with that child.
These safety and security measures are designed to give you and your children peace of mind and comfort to explore, learn and play in a nurturing, secure environment.
How to use AAA/MTA discount
At the Gate Only: Save $6 per ticket for up to 4 tickets! YOU MUST PRESENT YOUR PHYSICAL AAA CARD , MTA/ Military or Veteran’s CARD AT THE TIME OF ADMISSIONS.
145 Redstone Hill
Sterling, MA 01564
(978) 422-MOOO (6666)
info@davisfarmland.com
Connect with us!
Connect with us!
Gift Cards
e-MOOS
NEWSLETTER
Be the first to know about discounts, special events & news about Davis Farmland – delivered right to your inbox.
Sign Up Now!
PLEASE NOTE: Adults MUST be accompanied by at least one child twelve years of age or younger.
© Davis Farmland |
Privacy Policy
|
Created By WDD
Page load link
Monday, May 11 – Tuesday, May 12
If the date is incorrect, this site has not been updated. Please call 978-422-MOOO(6666) for more information.
Today, Monday, May 11 and Tuesday, May 12, Davis Farmland is CLOSED today due to our early spring schedule.
Celebrating our 30th season of creating unforgettable childhood memories—come be part of the tradition!
Our Early Spring Schedule:
Open
Wednesdays-Fridays from 9:30-4
,
Saturdays and Sundays from 9:30-5, CLOSED Mondays and Tuesdays.
Last admission one hour prior to closing.
Come meet the babies, explore the farm, and kick off an unforgettable season with us!
There’s a limited number of discount tickets available online
— Tickets at the gate are always available.
Please note:
Adults must be accompanied by at least one child, age 12 years or younger,
when visiting our Children’s Discovery Farm.
Davis Farmland is open
weather and ground conditions permitting.
Always call ahead or check our website before heading out.
×
Go to Top