hardcode favicon -->
Homepage - Boston Children's Museum
Skip to content
Museum Open 9:00am-4:00pm Today
More Dates
visit
explore
learn
museum at home
calendar
membership
Support Us
Host an Event
Calendar
Museum Membership
Support Us
Host An Event
Open Search
visit
Tickets
Advance/online tickets are highly recommended.
buy tickets
Hours
Wednesday-Monday 9:00am-4:00pm
(Closed Tuesdays)
**On the first Saturday of each month, the Museum opens at 10:00am.
Admission
adults: $24
children (1 – 15): $24
infants (under 12 months): FREE
members: FREE
Get Tickets! →
Visitor Information
Explore
Check out our award-winning exhibits and programs designed for children and families.
Calendar
Virtual Tour
Membership
explore
Exhibits
Check out our award-winning exhibits designed for children and families.
Virtual Tour
Programs
Encompassing science,
culture, the arts, literacy, the environment, health, and more – our programs make learning fun for everyone.
The Power of Play
STEAM Learning and Discovery
Engaging kids in the excitement of STEAM (science, technology, engineering, art, math) subject matter by making it fun and informal.
Museum Collection
learn
Resources for Families
Play and learning resources for families to support your child’s continuous discovery.
The Power of Play
Resources for Educators
Explore field trip opportunities, classroom programs, and professional development opportunities.
What Are We Learning
Beyond the Chalkboard
Hundreds of free, educator-designed afterschool activities for teachers and parents.
400+ Fun Family Activities
museum at home
Beyond the Chalkboard
Hundreds of free, educator-designed afterschool activities for teachers and parents.
Online Games
Japanese House Website
Explore and engage with the museum’s authentic 100-year-old house from Kyoto, Japan.
Ways to Play
Play and Learning Activities Library
A growing library of playful, hands-on activities
to try at home with kids.
Podcast
Visit the
Little Cocoa Bean Café
for food and gifts, now open in the Museum building!
Play. Explore. Learn.
STEAM
Podcast
Power of Play
Helping Hands
PlaySpace
Virtual Tour
Joyful Discovery!
We invite you to explore the Museum with your family and friends and take part in the playful exploration and learning that happen at the Museum. Exhibits and programs for every age, stage and interest generate novel experiences, rich interactions, and opportunities for creative expression.  The Museum’s unique hands-on environment inspires playful learning with objects, tools, fun materials, new challenges, and social interactions that support healthy development. Make a memory and much more, visit today!
Community Gathering Table
Community Gathering Table is back in the Common! Join us from May 13-17 for storytelling programs, interactive arts performances, and hands-on activities, all focused on sharing about beliefs and spirituality. This spring, we are highlighting themes of beginnings and renewal.
Hundred Acre Wood: A Winnie-the-Pooh Experience
Step into the Hundred Acre Wood this summer at Boston Children's Museum! From May 23 to September 7, 2026, families can explore beloved locations from A.A. Milne's classic story, including Pooh Bear's house, Rabbit's garden, and Owl's library. With hands-on activities, weekly programs, and character meet and greets, there's something magical waiting for every Winnie-the-Pooh fan.
Dream it! Build it! Opening Late Spring
Exciting things are happening in the old
Construction Zone
exhibit space to make way for the brand new
Dream it! Build it!
exhibit that will be opening in late spring. This fun new exhibit will empower children and the adults in their lives to dream up, design, and build things that make our world a better place. Experience real tools, real collaboration, and real joy as you try out construction, architecture, and engineering challenges.
Japanese House Gallery
Come visit the Japanese House Gallery for our compelling new art installation,
Trees Make Happiness 2.
This exhibit showcases works by Japanese student artists, providing insights into contemporary youth culture and highlighting the significance of trees in our lives. Open through Summer 2026.
Play: More Important than Ever for Kids.
Play is vital the healthy development of children, but is increasingly squeezed out of kid's lives. The report from the American Academy of Pediatrics examines the singular opportunity that play presents for the cognitive, physical, social-emotional health of children.
Playspace – Just for 0-3 Year Olds!
PlaySpace
is a special experience created just for little ones ages birth to 3 years and their adults to play, discover, connect, and wonder! From cooking up a pretend snack and driving a toddler-sized jeep, to climbing hills and crossing a wobbly bridge,
PlaySpace
is where very young children learn about themselves and the world around them. Infants and crawlers have a special spot too—a shoes-off area for the very littlest learners and their adults to explore together!
2025 Annual Report
Looking Back to Leap Forward
: Celebrating the Legacy of President and CEO Carole Charnow.
2024 Museum Play Survey Results
See the results of the Museum and BostonMoms.com 2024 Play Survey. Thank you to all who took the time to tell us about how your family is playing!
Beyond the Chalkboard
Beyond the Chalkboard is an online resource for learning beyond school. Explore hundreds of science, math, art, and engineering activities using simple, low-cost materials you likely already have.
Online Games
Build your own museum, test your memory through matching, create a fun Mad Lib, and more!
At-Home Activities for Kids
View our growing archive of play and learning activities that you can enjoy at home.
Museum Collection
Come explore our over 100-year-old collection that includes items from all around the world.
This Month in the Art Lab
Hours
Wednesday - Sunday
9:00am–4:00pm
-->
Wednesday-Monday 9:00am-4:00pm
(Closed Tuesdays)
**On the first Saturday of each month, the Museum opens at 10:00am.
Location
308 Congress St.
Boston, MA 02210
Map & Directions
Phone: (617) 426-6500
about
accessibility
blog
boston stories
careers
collections
consulting
contact
financial statements
history
newsletter
newsroom
podcast
privacy policy
Boston Children's Museum Social Media Links
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Boston Children's Museum gratefully acknowledges the generous support of our sponsors:
Media Partner
Japanese House
Age:
6-8
Category:
Culture and Identity
Welcome to the Japanese House! Walk down the street, take off your shoes, and step into an authentic two-story silk merchant’s home from Kyoto, Japan. The Japanese House was transported piece by piece from Kyoto and reconstructed here in Boston by Japanese carpenters. Families can explore every corner of the fully-equipped home. Japanese family life, customs, ceremonies, art, architecture, and seasonal events are all highlighted in this fully functional 100-year-old house inside the Museum. This house was a gift to the City of Boston from the City of Kyoto on the 20th Anniversary of their sister city relationship in 1979. Come explore this rare and very special landmark.
Learn more about the Japanese House
Next Exhibit
Dinos In Space
Age:
4-5, 6-8
Category:
Play!
How far can your imagination take you? It’s dinosaurs in space! And it’s just as fun, creative, and silly as you imagine. Enter a space dome and create a landscape for dinosaurs, design a new constellation, send an inter-galactic message, and dress up a dinosaur for a space flight. Start with the question “What if…?” and see where your imagination and creativity go next!
Next Exhibit
Japanese House Gallery
Age:
6-8
Category:
Art
Adjacent to the Japanese House, an authentic 1880s house from Kyoto, Japan, this gallery space explores contemporary stories of Japan, especially of the vibrant and multifaceted lives and expressions of youth. Using art and culture as vehicles, local and international artists, storytellers, and curators co-create a culturally responsive gallery space that invites visitors to build empathy. Shared narratives are authentic and complex, bringing more appreciation to the lived experiences of each individual. Children and their grownups are encouraged to experience imagination and belonging in the Japanese House Gallery. This small space has a large mission!
Learn about the current Japanese House Gallery exhibition.
X