Prepare for Your Visit | Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum
document.querySelector('#main').focus())()">Skip to main content
Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum
Today's Hours: 11am – 5pm
All hours
Monday:
11:00am–5:00pm
Tuesday:
Closed
Wednesday:
11:00am–5:00pm
Thursday:
11:00am–9:00pm
Friday:
11:00am–5:00pm
Saturday:
10:00am–5:00pm
Sunday:
10:00am–5:00pm
Gift Shop
Become a Member
Donate
Get Tickets
Get Tickets
Today's Hours: 11am – 5pm.
Visit
Toggle submenu
Prepare for Your Visit
What you need to know before coming to the Museum.
While You're Here
Make the most of your visit.
Tours
Experience the Gardner Museum with a guided tour. Please request a tour in advance.
Exhibitions & Events
Toggle submenu
Exhibitions
Explore our special exhibitions.
Seasonal Courtyard Displays
Know what is blooming in the Courtyard.
Events Calendar
Check out what is happening at the Museum.
Collection
Toggle submenu
Collection Search
Search for and explore objects in Isabella’s collection.
Archives & Collection Research
Documenting the life of Isabella Stewart Gardner and the Museum.
Inside the Collection Blog
Stories about the collection and Isabella.
Artists & Community Programs
Toggle submenu
Artists-in-Residence
Learn about our program that provides time, resources, and space at the Museum for the artistic community.
Educator Programs
The Museum offers specialized training and resources for teachers.
Neighborhood Salon Luminaries
Learn about our program in which Boston artists and cultural luminaries exchange creative ideas and dialogue.
Our Story
Toggle submenu
Meet Isabella
Discover our Museum’s founder and learn more about her unconventional life.
Mission & Values
Read about the Museum’s mission and values that continue to reflect the vision of our founder.
Isabella's Creative Legacy
See how Isabella’s legacy lives on today.
The Theft
Learn what happened at the Gardner Museum in the early hours of March 18, 1990.
Support the Museum
Toggle submenu
Membership
Join our community and unlock year-round access to the Gardner.
Patron Program
Experience a deeper connection to the Museum as a Friends of Fenway Court Patron.
Corporate Partnership
Engage your company, clients, and employees with the Museum.
Annual Fund
Give to the Museum to help preserve our collection and engage audiences with dynamic exhibitions and innovative programs.
Planned Giving
Ensure the vitality of the Gardner for future generations.
Organizational Memberships
Explore free or discounted admission for universities, libraries, and nonprofit institutions.
Gift Shop
Become a Member
Donate
Get Tickets
Search
Close
Search
Search for
Search
Search the website
Search the collection
Prepare for Your Visit
25 Evans Way, Boston, MA
Get here
Today's Hours: 11am – 5pm
All hours
Monday:
11:00am–5:00pm
Tuesday:
Closed
Wednesday:
11:00am–5:00pm
Thursday:
11:00am–9:00pm
Friday:
11:00am–5:00pm
Saturday:
10:00am–5:00pm
Sunday:
10:00am–5:00pm
Reserve Your Time with a Ticket
Tickets can sell out fast and may not be available at the door. Buy your tickets in advance to guarantee entrance at your preferred time.
Get Tickets
Become a Member
Admission
Your ticket to the Museum includes admission to all special exhibitions. Some events require a separate ticket. See below for free and discounted admission offers.
Learn about our
inclusive Museum experiences
Frequently Asked Questions
Ticket Prices
Adult
$22
Children (17 and under)
Free
Senior (65 and up)
$20
Student (with current ID)
$15
Members
Free
Free Admission for Members and Patrons
Enjoy free admission, invitations to exclusive events, and much more.
Current Members
Advance tickets are encouraged—log in using your email address on file to
access member tickets
. Members can present their membership cards at time of visit to enjoy same-day access.
Review
Membership levels and benefits
Friends of Fenway Court Patrons
Friends of Fenway Court Patrons can reserve tickets for themselves or their guests by emailing
patrons@isgm.org
or by calling the Patron Line at
617 264 6045
. Please send ticketing requests by 5 pm the day before you would like to visit.
Free Days and Other Free Admission Offers
Enjoy free admission with the following offers:
Free First Thursdays
From 3–9 pm, the first Thursday of each month, the Gardner Museum is free for all to enjoy. Tickets are available two weeks in advance.
Free Days
Martin Luther King Jr. Day (January), Juneteenth (June), and Indigenous Peoples’ Day (October) are free for all visitors. Tickets are available two weeks in advance.
Boston Family Days
The Museum is excited to be part of Boston Family Days—an extraordinary public–private partnership between the City of Boston and philanthropic partners that provides free access to nine premier cultural institutions across the city to all Boston school-aged children. Students and up to two guests will gain free admission to participating institutions on the first two Sundays of each month by showing their Program Pass, which the City will send each week before the month’s program. Due to the popularity of the initiative, families are encouraged to pre-register and reserve tickets online.
U.S. Military and Families
The Gardner Museum thanks members of our military and their families for their service to our country by providing them with
free admission
to the Museum for themselves and up to four family members. Valid ID required at visit.
Guests of Members (Single-use passes)
Single-use passes cannot be redeemed online; please contact the Box Office at
617 278 5156
or
boxoffice@isgm.org
.
University Members
If your school is a University Member, please contact your school’s administrator for your complimentary ticket code.
Corporate Members
If your employer is a Corporate Member, please contact your company’s administrator for your complimentary ticket code.
WonderFund Access Card
WonderFund Access Card holders receive
free admission
for two adults and up to six children under 18 per card, per visit for a total of eight.
Go City (Smart Destinations)
Show your Go City card for admission to over 70 Boston attractions, activities, tours, excursions, museums, and sights, including the Gardner Museum.
All named “Isabella”
Isabellas receive free lifetime admission! Reservations required. For reservations, contact the Box Office at
617 278 5156
at least 24 hours in advance. Valid ID required at visit.
Discounted Admission Offers
Museum Pass Program: $5 Admission (up to 4 adults/pass)
Museum Pass Program passholders must reserve passes (either digital or print) from their library and purchase Museum admission timed-entry tickets using the unique promo code given with each pass. Should you have trouble purchasing your tickets online, please contact the Box Office at
617 278 5156
.
Massachusetts Teachers Association
Show your Massachusetts Teachers Association membership card and get
discounted admissions
, half off the price for up to 2 adult tickets. Valid MTA membership card required at visit.
Card to Culture
EBT, WIC
, or
ConnectorCare
card holders receive a discount of $2 per person, per card for up to four adults per visit. Children under 18 are always free. Payment can be made with cash or credit card.
More Information
Accessibility
Everyone is welcome at the Gardner.
Families
Find magic at the Gardner with the kids in your life.
Group Visits
Plan your visit with 10 or more friends, family members, or colleagues.
While You’re Here
Get inspired for what you can see and do at the Gardner.
Come Ready
No Labels
Isabella personally placed every object in her Museum and didn’t include conventional labels. Your own opinions and ways of looking can guide you through her immersive environment.
Charge Your Phone
You can find information about the art you love with our free Wi-Fi and QR codes in every gallery.
Bring Headphones
Our audio guides narrated by curators and artists feel like having a smart friend in your ear. Transcripts are also available.
Guidelines and Policies
What You Can Bring in the Gallery
Bags 12x12x3 inches or smaller
Your own headphones to listen to our audio guides on your smartphone
Soft, front-facing baby carriers and single or tandem strollers
All other bags, backpacks, food, water bottles, etc. must be left at our complimentary Coat Check or in our self-serve lockers
Restrictions
No food or beverage is allowed in the galleries; this includes water as well as empty beverage containers. Containers can be left at our complementary Coat Check or in our self-serve lockers.
The Gardner Museum is not responsible for items held at the Coat Check or lockers. If you have valuables, such as your ID or travel documents, that you do not wish to check, tote bags are available to borrow.
Be Careful of the Collection
Even the lightest touch can damage a work of art, so please don’t touch the art, furniture, or decorative objects.
Photos and Videos
You are welcome to take non-flash photos or videos of works of art and the galleries for your personal enjoyment but not for commercial use.
Unfortunately, we cannot allow tripods or selfie sticks.
We cannot accommodate professional or personal photo/video shoots. A photoshoot is defined as professional or amateur portrait photography, whether it is for a graduation, engagement, quinceanera, family, maternity, portfolio, prom, wedding, or any other posed photo session. These posed photo sessions interfere with the visiting experience of other guests and can cause galleries and hallways to become inaccessible for the public. For information on images for scholarly or commercial purposes, please see our
Rights and Reproductions page
.
Sketch with Pencil
Feel free to sketch with pencil in notebooks 11x14 inches or smaller.
Unfortunately, we can’t allow other drawing materials such as colored pencils, ink pens, etc. in the galleries. Pencils and paper can be found at the “Ask Me” desk by the Courtyard.
No Smoking
Smoking and vaping are not permitted anywhere inside the Museum or in the exterior gardens.
Holiday Closures
We are closed on the following holidays:
New Year's Day | January 1
Patriots' Day | April 20
Independence Day | July 4
Veterans Day | November 11
Thanksgiving Day | November 26
Christmas Eve at 3:00 pm | December 24
Christmas Day | December 25
25 Evans Way
Boston, MA 02115
Directions & Parking
Café G
Contact
Press Room
Careers
Event Rentals
Get Our Newsletter
The Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum is a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit organization
Rights & Reproductions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Close
Your browser doesn't support audio.
00:00
/
00:00