=== _pages/beverly.html ===
source_url: https://beverlypubliclibrary.org/services/borrowing/

| Main Library:

Main Library

All Hours & Branches

Account

Get a Library Card

My Account
Get a Library Card

Translate

Catalog

Website

Account

Get a Library Card

About

Our Library

Main Library
Farms Branch
Bookmobile
Contact Us
Accessibility

Policies
Staff & Trustees
History
Support the Library

Services

At the Library

Book a Librarian
Borrowing
Computers, WiFi & Document Services
Meeting Rooms & Study Rooms
Museum Passes
Notary
3D Printing

For Readers

Book Lists
Personalized Reading Lists
Suggest a Purchase

Collections

Books & More

eBooks & Audiobooks
Newspapers & Magazines
Library of Things

Learning

Digital Resources
Local History & Genealogy

Kids & Teens

For Kids

Kids Programs
Kids Book Lists
Personalized Reading List for Kids
1000 Books Before Kindergarten
Kids Book Bundles
Kids Digital Resources
For Teachers

For Teens

Teen Programs
Teen Book Lists
Personalized Reading List for Teens
Teen Advisory Board
Teen Poetry Contest
Teen Volunteering
For Teachers

Events

Calendar
Art Exhibits
Book Groups
Monday Mornings
Summer Reading

Borrowing

Services

Book a Librarian

Borrowing

Computers, WiFi & Document Services

Meeting Rooms & Study Rooms

Museum Passes

Notary

3D Printing

Book Lists

Personalized Reading Lists

Suggest a Purchase

Members of the Beverly Public Library or any other NOBLE library can request items from any library in the NOBLE network. You may request other libraries send items to Beverly for pick up.

Library Cards

To borrow library materials, patrons should present a NOBLE registered library card. The library honors library cards from other Massachusetts libraries, but the patron must also register with the Beverly Public Library.

To get a library card:

Fill out a registration form. Printable versions: ( English ) ( Portuguese ) ( Spanish ) ( Haitian ) ( Albanian ) ( French ).

Present photo identification with name and proof of current address (e.g. a driver’s license and utility bill).

Parents or guardians must show their I.D. when registering children. There is no minimum age limit and no requirement that children can read or write their name.

Patrons may apply for an eCard. This card allows access to electronic resources only.

GET A NOBLE ECARD

Patrons who have come to the library without their card may borrow material by showing photo identification with their name and address.

There is no charge for a library card. However, should a card be lost, patrons are responsible for all the items checked out on the card up to the date that it is reported missing. Patrons must show identification to replace a lost card.

Online Account Access

Patrons can use their online accounts to:

Place holds on items

Check the status of an item

Renew Items

Enable email notifications

Pay fees

Loan Periods

Item Loan Period
Books, CDs, DVDs & Magazines 3 Weeks
Library of Things 7 Days
Museum Passes 1 Day

Network transfers

Network transfers (items shipped from other NOBLE libraries) have a standard loan period of 14 days for books, periodicals and audiobooks, and 7 days for CDs and DVDs. All network transfers have two renewals, unless the item has been reserved by another patron. Fine rates follow the owning library’s rules.

Suspension of Borrowing Privileges

Patrons who accumulate more than $50 in fees will not be allowed to check out additional materials. Any lost item will incur a replacement charge equal to its original cost.

Lost/Damaged Materials

Patrons are responsible for all library materials checked out on their cards. If a patron loses a piece of a library item, such as a CD or DVD case, they will be required to pay a replacement cost. If a patron loses an entire library item, such as a book, they will be charged the replacement cost for that item. If library staff determines that an item has been damaged beyond repair and cannot circulate, the patron will be charged the replacement cost of that item.

Interlibrary Loan

Check the Commonwealth Catalog (ComCat) to request items that cannot be found in NOBLE. If an item cannot be found in NOBLE or ComCat a librarian can usually locate it somewhere else.

Main Library

32 Essex Street
Beverly, Massachusetts 01915

(978) 921-6062

Farms Branch

24 Vine Street
Beverly, Massachusetts 01915

(978) 921-6066

Contact Us

Subscribe for News

©2026 Beverly Public Library | This website made possible in part by the generous support of the Susan M. Salt Trust | Web
Design and
Development by Stirling
Brandworks