=== _pages/boxford.html ===
source_url: https://www.boxfordma.gov/210/Get-a-Library-Card

Skip to Main Content

Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.

Website Sign In

Catalog

Catalog

Tab Name

About the Library
Kids & Teens
Read, Learn & Explore
Research & Resources

Home
Departments
Library
About the Library
How Do I…
Get a Library Card

Get a Library Card

Any Boxford Resident is eligible to obtain a Boxford Town Library Account and Card. To obtain an account please follow the steps outlined below:
Come to the Library located at 7A Spofford Road, Boxford. MA
Bring a form of Identification (See Below) and Proof of Residency (See below)
Fill out the Library Account and Card application
Currently, accounts are created in person. If you are unable to come in for a visit please call the library at 978-887-7323 to see how we can help you get set up with a library account and card.
Acceptable form of Positive Identification (Must include photo and full name)
Identification issued by the United States Department of State United States Passport (Current or expired)
United States Passport Identification Card (Current or expired)

Identification issued by the United States Citizenship and Immigration Service Green Card
Identification issued by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts

Massachusetts Driver's License Massachusetts Identification Card
Other State issued identification cards (i.e. NH Driver's License)

Acceptable forms of Proof of Residency (Must include Boxford address and full name that matches the form of Positive Identification)
Identification issued by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (may serve as both Positive ID and Proof of Residency if the current address on the card is in Boxford) Massachusetts Driver's License
Massachusetts Identification Card

Official documents issued by the Town of Boxford including but not exclusive to: Tax bills Excise Tax
Property Tax

Bank Records including but not exclusive to: Bank Statement
Personal Check
Mortgage Statement and or closing documents

Utility Statements including but not exclusive to: Cable Television (i.e. Comcast, Verizon, etc.)
Electricity (i.e. National Grid)
Gas Company (I.e. National Grid)
Cellular Phone (i.e. Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, etc.)

Get an eCard

Library Newsletter

Museum Passes

Library of Things

Digital Resources

Search the Catalog/ Sign-in to your Online Account

How Do I?

Contact Us

Boxford Town Library

7A Spofford Road

Boxford, MA, 01921

Phone: 978-887-READ (7323)

Library Hours Monday - Thursday - 9 am to 7 pm Friday - 10 am to 3 pm Saturday - 10 am to 3 pm Sunday - Closed

Quick Links

Contact Information

Get a Library Card

Join Library Email List

Register for a Program

Support Your Library

/QuickLinks.aspx

Site Links

Home

Site Map

Contact Us

Accessibility

Copyright Notices

Privacy Policy

/QuickLinks.aspx

Government Websites by CivicPlus®

Loading

Loading

Do Not Show Again

Close

[]