=== _pages/bpl.html ===
source_url: https://www.bpl.org/faq/eligibility/

Skip to main navigation

Skip to main navigation

Skip to search

Skip to search

Skip to content

Hours & Location, opens an overlay

Help
Help, opens an overlay

Hours & Locations Hours & Locations

Find by address or ZIP code

Search

Use current location

See all locations

Help Help

Search FAQs

Search

Browse all FAQs

Admin Admin settings

Log In / My BPL

Log In / Register

My Library Dashboard

My Borrowing

Checked Out

On Hold

Borrowing History

Fees

ILL Requests

My Collections

For Later Shelf

Completed Shelf

In Progress Shelf

Lists

My Events

My Profile

My Settings

Main navigation

Events

Open search form

Search the
Catalog
Website
FAQs
Events
Digital Commonwealth

by

Keyword
Title
Author
Broadened Keyword
Subject
Tag
List

for
All Content
FAQs
News
Blog Posts

Clear Text

Search

Saved Searches

Advanced Search

Search

Catalog
Website
FAQs
Events
Digital Commonwealth

by

Keyword
Title
Author
Broadened Keyword
Subject
Tag
List

for
All Content
FAQs
News
Blog Posts

Clear Text

Search

Saved Searches

Advanced Search

About About

About Us
About the BPL
BPL History
News
Facts & Figures
Finances & Budget
Press Room

Connect
Contact Us
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Support the BPL
Volunteer at the BPL
Jobs at the BPL
Online Gift Shop

Organization
Administration
Board of Trustees
Partners and Affiliates

Policy & Planning
Policies and Procedures
Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
Racial Equity Commitment
Strategic Plan

Visit Visit

Central Library
Hours & Location
Service Areas & Spaces
Art & Architecture
Tours

Branch Libraries
Hours & Locations
BPL Passport

Other
Current Exhibitions
Holiday Closures
Accessibility
Capital Projects

Books & More Books & More

By Format
Stream & Download
Audiobooks
eBooks
Movies & TV
Music
Books
Maps & Atlases
Newspapers
World Language Collections
Library of Things
Zine Collection

Reading Recommendations
Award Winning Items
Bestsellers
New Titles
Annually Published Booklists
Personalized Reading Recommendations
Recent Staff Booklists
Recently Reviewed
Staff Picks
Purchase Suggestions

Reading Challenges
Winter Reading Challenge
Summer Reading Challenge
Youth Summer Reading (ages 0-17)
Adult Summer Reading (ages 18+)
Read Your Way to Fenway

Services Services

Sign Up For...
Ask A Librarian
Book a Librarian Appointment
Classes
Computer & Technology Classes
Digitization with Digital Commonwealth
Earn Your High School Diploma Online
Job & Career Help
Library Card Registration
--eCards
Log In to Your Account
Museum Passes
Notary Services

Services by Topic
Adult Education & Certification
Citizenship
Community History
Computer & Network Use
Printing at the Library
English Language Learning
Financial Empowerment
Health & Wellness Resources
Homework Help
Job & Career Success
Transportation
We Are Pride
Welcome to Boston

Services by Audience
Entrepreneurs
Kids
Older Adults
Researchers
Teens
--Books Unbanned
Users with Disabilities

Using Library Spaces
Private Event Spaces
Meeting Space Use at the Central Library
Meeting Space Use at a Branch
1-Hour Wedding Ceremony

Learning & Research Learning & Research

Online Resources
Research
--Research Guides
--Genealogy
--Boston Library Consortium
Special Collections
Digitized Special Collections
Digital Commonwealth
Leventhal Map & Education Center
Classic Catalog
Borrowing from Other Libraries
Blogs

Events Events

Events Calendar
All Events
Signature Programs
Family Programs
Online Events
Proposing Programs for the BPL

By Age Group
Kids
--Young Children (0-5)
--Children (6-12)
--Tweens (9-12)
Teens
Young Adults
Adults
Older Adults

Private Event Rental
Private Event Spaces
1-Hour Wedding Ceremony

Support the BPL Support the BPL

Support the BPL
Boston Public Library Fund
Associates of the Boston Public Library
Leventhal Map & Education Center
Citywide Friends of the Boston Public Library
Gift Shop

Work at the BPL
Donate Now

Close Dialog

Frequently Asked Questions

Show Menu : Frequently Asked Questions Sidebar

Top Questions

Accessibility

Privacy

BPL to Go Mobile App

Browse, Borrow, Board

Getting a Library Card

Borrowing

Managing Your Account

Using Online Resources

Using Technology in the Library

Using Spaces and Facilities

Learning at the Library

Researching at the Library

Suggesting Purchases

Genealogy

Getting Involved

Getting Help

Digital Commonwealth Program

Metro Boston Library Network

Read Your Way To Fenway

Books Unbanned

Related Links

Catalog & Account Help opens a new window

Close Menu: Frequently Asked Questions Sidebar

Top Questions

Accessibility

Privacy

BPL to Go Mobile App

Browse, Borrow, Board

Getting a Library Card

Borrowing

Managing Your Account

Using Online Resources

Using Technology in the Library

Using Spaces and Facilities

Learning at the Library

Researching at the Library

Suggesting Purchases

Genealogy

Getting Involved

Getting Help

Digital Commonwealth Program

Metro Boston Library Network

Read Your Way To Fenway

Books Unbanned

Related Links

Catalog & Account Help opens a new window

Close Menu: Frequently Asked Questions Sidebar

Getting a Library Card FAQs

Expand All to show answers
Close All to hide answers

Print All Answers : Getting a Library Card FAQs

General Questions

How do I get a library card?

Can’t make it to the Boston Public Library in person? Sign up for an eCard to use our electronic resources. If you want to borrow physical materials, you can upgrade to a physical card in person.

Apply for a physical library card at the circulation desk in any BPL location .

Come with picture ID and proof of Massachusetts residency, which can be either a physical document or an official document available on an electronic device. A Massachusetts driver’s license or ID card satisfies both requirements.

If you don’t have a Massachusetts driver’s license or state ID, you can bring some other form of ID that shows your picture and signature along with official mail sent to you at a Massachusetts address.

Let us know if you have a preferred first name. Your preferred first name does not need to match your ID. An ID or bill with a deadname or legal name is still a valid form of address verification. All changes to your record require proof of ID.

Kids ages 12 and under can get a card with the signature of a parent or guardian.

If you are bringing a large group of people to the library to register for a card, we encourage you to print and fill out our library card application in advance before coming to the library.

Print This Answer

I don’t live in Massachusetts but I want to do research at the BPL. How do I access materials?

You can get a research card at the Central Library in Copley Square at either the Borrower Services Desk (Level One of the Boylston Street building) or the Delivery Desk (Level Two of the McKim building). This card is free and allows use of materials inside the library. To get this card, you need a photo ID and a document that states your current address. A driver's license or state ID should fulfill both requirements.

If you are coming to the BPL from far away for extensive research, we encourage you to reach out to our Research Services librarians ahead of your visit to ensure the most efficient use of your time here. You can email our Research Services librarians at ask@bpl.org .

Print This Answer

Can I get a library card online?

Yes! If you meet the eligibility requirements and have an email address, you can get an eCard in about five minutes , opens a new window and start using it right away.

eCards can only be used to access digital resources from the BPL. But if you want to borrow physical items, you can upgrade to a physical library card at any of our locations.

Print This Answer

How do kids and teens get library cards?

If you're over age 12, bring a photo ID and proof of your residency in Massachusetts. A driver's license or other state ID will meet both requirements.

If you’re 12 and under, you can get a card with the signature of a parent or guardian at any BPL location .

Print This Answer

Do you have a library card application form I can print out and bring in?

Yes. You can fill out one of the forms below and bring it to the circulation desk in any BPL location , to get a library card .

You do not need one of these forms to get a library card, but we recommend it if you will be bringing a large group with you to get library cards.

Here is the library card application form you can print and fill out, in nine different languages:

Arabic

Cape Verdean

Chinese

English (for Teen/Adult 13 years of age and up)

English (for Juvenile up to 12 years of age)

Haitian Creole

Portuguese

Somali

Spanish

Vietnamese

Print This Answer

If I upgrade my eCard, can I transfer all my holds and lists to my new library card?

You should still be able to see your active holds, checkouts, and other digital activity when you log in with your new library card credentials.

However, if we need to create a whole new borrower record for you though, we may need to transfer your activity to the new account. You can email us at websupport@bpl.org to transfer your holds and checkouts in OverDrive to your new card. Please send the old and new library card numbers.

Print This Answer

eCards
Eligibility
Institution Cards

Institution Cards

Can my organization, business, or school register for a library card?

You can register a library card for your corporation, business, library, or other institution at any of our locations . Complete guidelines for accessing an Institution Card are as follows:

Institution cards are intended for schools, businesses, daycare centers or similar organizations, that intend to take responsibility for materials borrowed to meet organizational needs.

Institutional cards provide borrowing and interlibrary loan privileges but do not allow remote access to electronic resources due to vendor licensing restrictions.

Individual cardholder hold, checkout, and other limits also apply to Institution cards.

Items checked out to academic institutions are for classroom use only .

In the event more than one card is issued for an institution, all cards will be associated in our system. Should one or more cards become delinquent, the BPL reserves the right to block all associated cards.

Institution Cards expire one year after registration or renewal, with the exception of academic cards.

Academic cards expire at the end of the current academic year.

For continued use after expiration, Institution Card holders are be required to renew the agreement and update contact information every year.

A letter from the head of the institution, on official letterhead, is required stating the individual(s) authorized to use the card and that the institution agrees to be responsible for all materials borrowed on the card, for fines incurred, as well as for lost or damaged materials and designating a contact person to oversee the use of the card. Institution Cards are be issued upon receipt of this letter.

If your official letterhead does not contain contact information, you will be asked to provide additional proof of address in the Commonwealth.

Please use the format of our example letter to draft your institution's registration request on official letterhead.

If you have any questions, please contact Michael Colford at mcolford@bpl.org or 617-859-2389 .

Print This Answer

eCards

What's an eCard and how do I get one?

An eCard is a Boston Public Library card that you can sign up for online , opens a new window and which provides access to all online resources , including Libby and Palace .

eCards are available to anyone who lives, resides part-time to attend school, owns property, or works in Massachusetts.

eCards do not allow you to check out physical items such as museum passes, DVDs, and physical books. To check out physical items, you need a physical card.

Print This Answer

Am I eligible for an eCard?

Register for an eCard , opens a new window if you meet any of the following criteria:

Your primary residence is in Massachusetts.

You are living in Massachusetts for most of the year while attending school in-state.

You work for a Massachusetts employer. Learn more .

You own property (real estate) in Massachusetts. Learn more .

Other Restrictions
If you are a short-term resident staying in Massachusetts you are not eligible for an eCard. However, you can visit any of our locations and apply for a research card in-person at the Central Library in Copley Square .

If you have any other card with the BPL, you are not eligible for an eCard (and don’t need one!)

If you have any questions about eligibility, please email ask@bpl.org

Print This Answer

Do I need an eCard if I already have a library card?

No. Your physical library card provides all the benefits of eCards plus access to the physical collection, including museum passes.

Print This Answer

Is there anything my eCard can't do?

Requesting and borrowing physical materials, including museum passes , requires a physical card. eCards can be upgraded to physical cards at any BPL location .

Print This Answer

Am I eligible for an eCard as a property owner?

Our mission is to serve residents of Massachusetts, but we recognize that people who own a residence in the state pay real estate taxes here. If your name is listed on the deed of a residence in Massachusetts, either as an owner or a current trustee of a residence held in trust, you likely qualify for this exception.

If the residence you have in mind doesn't list you on the deed, but is owned by other family members, you likely do not qualify.

Timeshare ownership does not qualify an individual for the property owner exception to residency.

If you're still unsure whether you qualify as a property owner, email us at websupport@bpl.org .

Print This Answer

Am I eligible for an eCard if I work for an MA employer?

Our mission is to serve residents of Massachusetts, but we recognize that people who live in neighboring states may pay Massachusetts income tax because they work for an employer in Massachusetts. You are eligible for an eCard if:

Your primary place of work is physically in Massachusetts, OR

You work remotely for a Massachusetts-based employer AND are required to be physically present in Massachusetts for work on some days during the year (sometimes called "duty days")

Remote workers who never physically work in Massachusetts are not eligible for an eCard.

If you're still unsure whether you qualify, email us at websupport@bpl.org .

Print This Answer

I'm traveling outside the United States. May I register for an eCard?

We're unable to accept eCard registrations and renewals submitted from outside the country due to security and licensing concerns. Please submit the form when you've returned from your trip.

Please note that many of our online resources also may not be available for use outside the United States due to vendor licensing restrictions.

Print This Answer

May I register an eCard for use by my school, company, or other institution?

Only eligible individual users may register for eCards. Organizations may not register for eCards.

Library cards for corporations, businesses, libraries, and other organizations must be obtained in person at any of our locations .

Institutional cards provide borrowing and interlibrary loan privileges, but do not allow remote access to electronic resources, due to vendor licensing restrictions.

Print This Answer

How do I upgrade my eCard to a regular library card?

All eCards can be upgraded by visiting any BPL location . Bring photo ID and proof of your Massachusetts address. A Massachusetts driver’s license or ID meets both requirements.

After you upgrade, you should still be able to see your active holds, checkouts, and other digital activity when you log in with your new library card credentials.

However, if we need to create a whole new borrower record for you, we may need to transfer your activity to the
…[truncated]