=== _pages/burlington.html ===
source_url: https://www.burlingtonpubliclibrary.org/186/Get-a-Library-Card

Skip to Main Content

22 Sears Street Burlington, MA 01803

Mon-Thur: 10 a.m. - 9 p.m. Fri: 10 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sat: 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sun: 1 p.m. - 5 p.m.

Search Catalog

Search Site

Search Catalog

Search Site

Search

Books & More
Programs
Services
Support the Library

Home
Services
How Do I...
Get a Library Card

Library Cards

Obtaining a Library Card
You can obtain a library card at the Burlington Public Library if you are a:
Resident of any Massachusetts municipality whose library is certified by the Massachusetts Board of Library Commissioners; you may register with the Burlington Public Library and receive borrowing privileges within the Merrimack Valley Library Consortium (MVLC).
Out-of-state resident who either own property, work, or attend school in Burlington.
Proof of Identity and Address are required to obtain a Burlington Public Library Card.
At the time of registration, please bring a Picture ID with your current address. If your ID does not have your current address, please bring an official document such as a lease agreement or utility bill that displays both name and address along with your ID*.
Out-of-state residents should bring a Picture ID and an official document showing proof of employment, school enrollment, or ownership of property in Burlington (such as school registration, property tax bill, or payroll remittance)
Students in the Burlington Public Schools may show their school picture ID to obtain a library card.
Children under the age of 18 may have a parent or guardian present identification as indicated above. The child must be present to obtain a card. If the parent or guardian's card is not in good standing, the child may be denied a card until the parent or guardian's account is cleared.
*In lieu of an official document with your current address, the library can send a post card to a current Massachusetts address. This returned post card can serve as an official document; a Picture ID is also required to register for a library card.
Get an eCard to borrow electronic resources right now!
An eCard is a library card which provides immediate access to library materials and services. An eCard can be converted to a physical library card by visiting any library within the Merrimack Valley Library Consortium . The eCard is for those who do not already have a library card within the Merrimack Valley Library Consortium. You must be a resident of Massachusetts to obtain one.
Apply for an eCard
Questions or problems? Contact us at 781-270-1693
For more information on borrowing materials, including loan periods and renewals, see our Circulation Policy .

Donate to the Food Pantry

Get a Book

Get a Library Card

Have a Test Proctored

Burlington Public Library Proctoring Guidelines

Proctoring Information for Students

Print/Copy/Fax/Scan

Home Delivery Program

Reserve a Meeting Room

Audio-Visual Instructions

Apply for the Display Cases or Art Gallery

Post to Bulletin Boards

Your Account

eLibrary

Reserve a Room

Museum Passes

Newsletter

Contact Us

22 Sears Street

Burlington, MA 01803

Phone: 781-270-1690

Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

YouTube

Quick Links

Fine Free Library

History

Hours & Closure Dates

Mission & Strategic Plan

Policies

Town of Burlington

Trustees

/QuickLinks.aspx

Site Links

Home

Site Map

Contact Us

Copyright Notices

/QuickLinks.aspx

Government Websites by CivicPlus®

Loading

Loading

Do Not Show Again

Close

onload="parent.alertsize();"

[]