=== _pages/carlisle.html ===
source_url: https://gleasonlibrary.org/get-a-library-card

Call
978-369-4898

|

Directions

22 Bedford Road, Carlisle, MA 01741

|

10:00 am - 5:00 pm

10:00 am - 5:00 pm
Currently closed.

Search the Website or Catalog

Search

Catalog

Website

CATALOG

ACCOUNT

ABOUT

The Library

Who We Are
Directions
History
Library Updates
Policies
Trustees & Endowment
Friends of the Gleason Public Library (FOGPL)
Planning and Reports
Our Next Chapter: Library Renovation
Employment

Community

Get Involved
Volunteer
Giving
Community Links

WHAT WE OFFER

Catalog & Collections

Search the Catalog
Library of Things
Special Collections
Virtual Exhibit

Digital Resources

Resources
Resources, A-Z
Hoopla Digital
Freegal Music
Kanopy
Overdrive

Services

Collections & Borrowing
Reference Materials
Interlibrary Loan
Book Groups
Art at the Gleason
Museum Passes
Seismograph Project
Accessibility
Book A Room

KIDS & TEENS

For Kids

Summer Reading
Story Times
Kid’s Programs
Book Clubs
Reading Ideas

For Teens

Things to Do
Things to Read

HOW TO

Find a Book
See New Book Lists
Find Museum Passes
Book A Room
Borrow Library of Things
Donate to the Capital Campaign
Access Computers
Get a Library Card
Renew Your Library Card

Events
Account
Catalog

Get a Library Card

Get a Library Card

New Library Card Sign-Up

Any Carlisle resident aged 5 and older is eligible to obtain a Gleason library card free of charge. Children under age 14 must be accompanied by a parent or guardian able to show identification and proof of residency. See our Checkout Policy for more details.

Library cards are available at the main circulation desk during all library hours, or via online registration at https://ln.mvlc.org/carlisleecard . Photo ID and proof of address are required for in-person registration. Online registration uses an address verification service; if the online registration service is unable to verify residence, a temporary card will be issued and you will need to show photo ID and proof of address at the library to receive a permanent card.

If you are unable to visit the library in person, you may sign up for a card online or for additional assistance please call 978-369-4898.

Residents of other MVLC towns may use their hometown cards at the Gleason. Residents of other Massachusetts towns may register their home library card with us – photo ID and proof of address are required – or may register online for an eCard .

If you have received a notice that your library card is due for renewal, please visit this link to renew online , or contact the library at 978-369-4898.

eCard Signup

Merrimack Valley Library Consortium now offers a eCard through its member libraries. If you are a Massachusetts resident (including Carlisle residents and residents of other towns) and do not already have a card from an MVLC library, you can apply for an eCard by filling out this form. An eCard is a full-service Merrimack Valley Library Consortium (MVLC) library card that allows you immediate access to electronic resources, such as e-books, e-audiobooks, e-magazines, streaming music and video, and databases. You can also use this card to place holds and borrow physical materials at MVLC libraries. To use an eCard in person at an MVLC library, you can either log into the MVLC Mobile app and display the barcode, or visit the Gleason or any MVLC library and ask to convert your eCard to a physical card. Photo ID may be required.

Search

What Can We Help you Find? close tab x

GO

Catalog

Website

Donate

Policies

Account

Catalog

CONNECT

Email

Δ

22 Bedford Road, Carlisle, MA 01741

978-369-4898

info@gleasonlibrary.org

©2020 Gleason Public Library, All Rights Reserved. Web Design & Development by Stirling Brandworks .