=== _pages/chelsea.html ===
source_url: https://www.chelseama.gov/departments/library/

Skip to main content

Search

Translate

English

Spanish

Afrikaans

Albanian

Arabic

Armenian

Azerbaijani

Basque

Belarusian

Bengali

Bosnian

Bulgarian

Catalan

Cebuano

Chinese (Simplified)

Chinese (Traditional)

Croatian

Czech

Danish

Dutch

Esperanto

Estonian

Filipino

Finnish

French

Galician

Georgian

German

Greek

Gujarati

Haitian Creole

Hausa

Hebrew

Hindi

Hmong

Hungarian

Icelandic

Igbo

Indonesian

Irish

Italian

Japanese

Javanese

Kannada

Khmer

Korean

Lao

Latin

Latvian

Lithuanian

Macedonian

Malay

Maltese

Maori

Marathi

Mongolian

Nepali

Norwegian

Persian

Polish

Portuguese

Punjabi

Romanian

Russian

Serbian

Slovak

Slovenian

Somali

Swahili

Swedish

Tamil

Telugu

Thai

Turkish

Ukrainian

Urdu

Vietnamese

Welsh

Yiddish

Yoruba

Zulu

Home

Government

All Agendas & Minutes

Archives

Boards & Commission

Board Openings

Affordable Housing Trust Fund

Assessors Board

Cable Television Advisory Board

Community Preservation Committee

Community Recreation Advisory Board

Conservation Commission

Council on Elder Affairs

Cultural Council

Disability Commission

Economic Development

Health Board

Historical Commission

Housing Authority Board of Commissioners

Human Rights Commission

Library Trustees

Licensing Commission

Planning Board

Registrars Board

Retirement Board

Traffic & Parking Commission

Tree Board

Women's Commission

Youth Commission

Zoning Board of Appeals

City Council

Agendas & Minutes

Archives

City Manager Office

All Chelsea Awards

Our Journey for the All-America City Award 2026

Codes and Ordinances

Open Meeting Law

Public Record Request

Departments

Assessor

Maps

Motor Vehicle Excise Information

Personal Property Information

Real Property Data

Taxpayer Forms

Auditor

Financial Documents & Reports

Budget & Grant Administration

City Clerk

Business Certificate

Census/Street Listing

Dog License

Elections, Voting & Campaign Finance

Parking

Vitals (Birth, Death, Marriage)

Elder Services (HHS)

Bag of Groceries

Senior Shuttle PILOT Program

Emergency Management

Emergency Contacts & Resources

Master Box Tie-In Procedure

Special Needs Registry

Fire

Contact Tier 2 Reporting

Fire Operations Division

Fire Prevention Division

Fireworks

Permit Application and Fees

Smoke and Carbon Monoxide Detector Requirements

Health & Human Services (HHS)

Housing and Community Development

Climate Resilience & Sustainability

Housing

Infrastructure & Mobility

Open Space

Small Businesses

Workforce & Economic Development

Agendas

Human Resources

Employee Benefits

Information & Forms for Retirees

Job Openings

Police and Firefighter Exam

Senior and Veterans Tax Work-Off Programs

Information Technology

Inspectional Services

Housing Code Ordinance

Online Permitting

Law

Library (HHS)

Access To Justice Program

Books & More

Children's Department

Digital Collections

Museum Passes

Notary Services

Mobile Printing

Licensing

License Fees

Licenses & Regulations

Bar Seating

Marijuana Establishment

Parking

Payroll

Permitting and Land Use Planning

Application Forms

Geographic Information System (GIS)

Zoning Amendments

Zoning Ordinances / Maps

Police

Public Health (HHS)

Infectious Diseases

Immunizations

Emergency Preparedness

Educational Resources

Public Works

Trash, Recycle, & Yard Waste

Street Sweeping

Snow Operations

Report a Problem

Permits & Applications

Parks

Trees

DPW Public Notices & Reports

Purchasing

Current Bids & Solicitations

Purchasing Policies, Procedures & Guidelines

Recreation & Cultural Affairs

Treasurer/ Tax Collector

Veteran Services (HHS)

Food Pantry for Veterans

Veterans Tax Work Off Program

Water & Sewer

Water Billing

Water Meters

WSD Programs & Systems

WSD Public Notices and Reports

Community

Assistance Programs

Downtown Broadway Construction

Chelsea Electricity Choice

Chelsea Schools

Community Microgrid

Construction Updates

Elder Services

Energy Programs

Job Openings

Lead

Newsletter & Alert Sign Up

Online Services

Parks & Playgrounds

Public Library

Chelsea History

Public Records Request

Recreation and Cultural Affairs

SNAP

Special Events

Submit a Comment

Things to do in Chelsea

Traffic Advisory

How Do I

Appeal

City Citation

Parking ticket

Vacant Building & Property

Apply for

Athletic Field Permit

Amusement/Entertainment License

Building and Housing Permits

Contractors Registration Application & Guide

Dog License

Dumpster Permit

Excavation Permit for Private Property

One Day Amusement & Entertainment Permit

Class I II III Renewal

Constable License New/Renewal

Common Victualer License

Curb Cut Application

Flow Test Application

Garage and Repair Shop/Parking Garage/Parking Lot Application

Gas and Oil Separator Application

Host a public event in Chelsea

Hydrant Meter Application

Moving Van Application

Parking Permit/Visitor Pass

Vendor License

Rooming House License

Short Term Rental

Temporary Outdoor Dining Permit

Tobacco & Nicotine Delivery Product Sales

Street Openings

Street/Sidewalk Occupancy Permit

Vacant Property Registration

Yard Sale License

5G Wireless Facilities

Pay

Burial Permit

Dog Licensing

Excise

Parking Tickets

Pay your Street Openings Permit

Personal Property

Real Estate

Street Openings Permit

Water, Sewer, & Trash Bills

Report

Report Issue 311

Claim for Damages Against the City of Chelsea

Request

Birth Certificate

Change of Address Form

City Trash Services

Customer Service Inquiry Form

Death Certificate

Free Water Conservation Kits Request

Marriage Certificate

Public Record

Rodent Abatement Waiver

Trash Fee Waiver

Trash Services

Trash/Recycling Can request via 311

Water Discount Application for Seniors

View

City Hall Hours

FAQs

Traffic and Parking Regulations

Online City Ordinances

Online Geographic Information System

Winter Parking Regulations

Go

How Do I Find?

Access To Justice Program

Books & More

Calendar

Children's Department

Digital Collections

Chelsea Digital Collection

Chelsea History at Archives.org

CHS Yearbooks Digitized

La Historia Viva Podcast

Lewis Latimer Society

People of Chelsea Project

Download & Stream

ComicsPlus

Kanopy

Libby

Newspapers

Mango Languages

Additional Resources

Archive Guide

Museum Passes

Notary Services

Mobile Printing

Home Departments Library (HHS)

Chelsea Public Library

A Division Under Health & Human Services (HHS) About the Public Library The Public Library of the City of Chelsea is to be a community library whose circulating collections and public information services reflect the needs of a constituency and to make the availability of its collections and services attractive to all. It is a recognized responsibility and priority of the library to make its services available to prospective users of all ages and backgrounds. The library is the city’s principal organization for serving the adult as an individual by providing resources for continuing education, general and technical information, and cultural development. The library also serves these purposes for those of student age by acting as a supplement to the city’s public and private schools. The prevalence of preschool use of the library and the present recognition of its vital importance are also important factors in the planning of services and collection development. Brought to you by chelseama.gov

Hours of Operation

Academic Hours (Starting approximately after Labor Day) - Current Adult Department

Monday through Thursday: 9:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m.

Friday and Saturday: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.

Children's Department

Monday through Wednesday: 10:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.

Thursday: 10:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m.

Friday and Saturday: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Summer Hours (Starting approximately after Memorial Day)

Adult and Children's Department hours

Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.

Thursday: 9:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. Saturday: 10:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.

Contact Us Adult Department: 617-466-4350 E-mail the Library Follow us on Facebook or Instagram Address Chelsea Public Library 569 Broadway Chelsea, MA 02150 United States See map: Google Maps Staff Contacts

Name
Title
Email
Phone

Lisa Mucciarone
Library Director
[email protected]
617-466-4355

Gabriel Millan
IT Technical Support
[email protected]
617-466-4351

Emma Heuchert
Children's Librarian
[email protected]
617-466-4352

General Questions
Information Desk
[email protected]
617-466-4350

Additional Information

Learn More

Access To Justice Program

Books & More

Mobile Printing

City Calendar

Meeting Room Request (under revision)

Notary Services

Museum Passes

Digital Collection

Long Range Strategic Plan FY16-FY19

Frequently Asked Questions

Chelsea Historical Archives Guide

Become a Friend of the Library (... UNDER REVISION )

Policies

Appropriate Library Use Policy

Download Policy (PDF) POSTED ON: FEBRUARY 2, 2023 - 9:20 A.M. The Chelsea Public Library is primarily funded by the City of Chelsea and as such, it is expected that the facilities will be clean, comfortable and safe places for selecting materials, reading, researching, studying, writing, using the public computers and Wireless Internet, and attending Library or community sponsored meetings or events. To this end, the Library is responsible for establishing rules of conduct to protect the rights and safety of Library patrons, volunteers and staff, and for preserving and protecting the Library's materials, equipment, facilities and grounds. Library staff will assist patrons with basic requests to the extent of their capability for a reasonable period of time. Excessive requests for extended assistance will be honored at the discretion of the employee or the Library Director. A reasonable length of time is situational and either staff or the Director may direct a patron to cease to request unreasonable help. Loitering at or around the circulation desks or reference desks is not encouraged and staff and/or the Director may request the patron relocate to other areas of the building. Enforcement of these rules will be conducted in a fair and reasonable manner. Library staff and/or the Chelsea Police Department will intervene to stop prohibited activities and behaviors. Failure to comply with the Library's established rules, regulations, and policies could result in removal from the premises and expulsion from the Library for a period of one day to one year, or in arrest or prosecution. Violations could also result in the restriction and/or termination of Library privileges, including the use of Library computers and other equipment and/or access to the services provided by the Metro Boston Library Network. The following are rules of conduct not allowed on Library property. The examples provided are not exhaustive and the Library reserves the right to prohibit additional activities and behaviors that violate library rules, regulations or policies, not specifically listed below: Engaging in any activity in violation of Federal, State, local or other application law, or Library policy.

Carrying firearms and dangerous weapons for any type (except by law enforcement officers.)

Being under the influence of alcohol/illegal drugs and selling, using, or possessing alcohol/illegal drugs.

Verbally or physically threatening or harassing other patrons, volunteers, or staff, including stalking, staring, lurking, offensive touching or gestures, photographing without consent, and obscene acts such as sexual acts and indecent exposure.

Soliciting or conducting surveys not authorized expressly by the Library.

Stealing, damaging, altering, or inappropriate use of Library property, including computer hardware and software, printers, copiers, phones, and other equipment. (See corresponding computer and internet use policy located at https://www.chelseama.gov/departments/library/index.php ).

Tampering with power outlets, unplugging or moving Library equipment.

Engaging in physical altercations, running, pushing, shoving, throwing things or damaging or defacing Library furniture, equipment or facilities. Creating disruptive noises such as loud talking, cell phone use, screaming, banging on furniture or equipment or using audible devices or computer speakers without headphones or with headphones set at a level that disturbs others. Cell phone audible ringers must be set to silent.

Using restrooms for bathing or shampooing, doing laundry, or changing clothes.

Littering

Smoking, chewing, and other tobacco use in Library facilities.

Consuming food or beverages, except closed containers of bottled water.

Inappropriate attire including being without a shirt, barefoot or being otherwise attired so as to be disruptive to the Library environment such as displaying offensive language and images.

Using wheeled devices in the building, or on Library grounds, except in designated areas, including skateboarding, roller-skating, bicycling, scooters and shopping carts (exceptions i.e. wheelchairs, walkers and strollers).

Those who damage or deface Library materials or property may be prosecuted (MGL Ch. 266, Sec. 100). Parents or legal guardians can be liable for damage done by a child under 18 (MGL Ch. 231, Sec. 85).

Theft of Library materials, use of false identification to obtain a library card, or use of another person's library card without permission are against state law and may be prosecuted (MGL Ch. 2066, Sec. 99).

Neglecting to provided proper supervision of children. (Seeing accompanying Juvenile Department policy located at: https://www.chelseama.gov/departments/library/index.php ).

Lying down or sleeping in restrooms or on any floor, bench, table, or seat in the Library, and by blocking aisles, exits, or entrances by sitting in them or lying down.

Bringing pets or animals, other than service animals, into the Library, except as authorized by the Library Director.

Failing to comply with a reasonable staff request to cease behavior that interferes with the effective functioning of the library.

Approved by the Library Board of Trustees and Adopted March 2016. Amended on January 15th, 2017

Child Behavior Policy

Download Policy (PDF) POSTED ON: FEBRUARY 2, 2023 - 10:15 A.M.

Children’s Department Policy

Policies and Procedures The Children’s Department at the Chelsea Public Library provides an array of services to children from preschool age to middle school age. The library offers story hours, Internet access, tours, advice on books to read, as well as educational and entertaining programs. The Children’s Department holds a wide assortment of fiction, folktale, picture books, nonfiction, audiovisual materials, reference materials, and public computers, as well as online resources. The Children’s Department is reserved for children, their parents, guardians, teachers, and caregivers. A library card is needed to borrow items or use public computers. In order to obtain a card:

The child must be present.

The child must be enrolled in school (preschool is considered school).

Verification of address is required.

A parent or guardian should be present for a child under 10.

Responsibility for all materials borrowed on a library card lies with the cardholder and/or their parent or guardian.

Library staff do not monitor the selection of materials and are not responsible for items that are checked out.

Other Children’s Department Rules

Children may check out 10 items per visit. Books in heavy demand for school assignments may be limited.

There is no food, drink, or cell phone use allowed.

Children’s books should be returned to the children’s department if it is open.

Behavior The library encourages frequent visits by children and their families. However, library staff cannot provide childcare or assume responsibility for children’s safety. The responsibility for the safety and behavior of children in the library rests with the parent/caregiver and not with library personnel. Library personnel ca
…[truncated]