=== _pages/concord.html ===
source_url: https://concordlibrary.org/borrow/library-cards-and-borrowing

Contact Us

Catalog

My Account

How do I?

Borrow eBooks
Borrow Museum Passes
Donate
Get a Library Card
Get the Newsletter
Get Notary Services
Host a Public Meeting
Print from my phone or laptop
Reserve a Study Room
Volunteer

Support the Library

Give to the Annual Fund

Donate Books

Join the Friends

Volunteer

Main navigation

Learn

About Us

Director's Report

History

How We Work

Mission & Values

Contact Us

Policies

Library T-Shirts

Residencies & Scholarships

The Charles Williams Scholarships

Writer-In-Residence Program

Sustainability

Sustainability Newsletter

Greener Transportation

Planting for Pollinators

Visit

Hours

Accessibility

Computers, Wi-Fi, & More

Notary Services

Private Study Rooms

The Workshop

Events & Classes

Reserve a Tool

Craft Supply Donations

Borrow

Get a Library Card

eLibrary

Home Delivery

Library of Things

Seed Lending Library

Museum & Recreation Passes

Request a Title

Research

Events

Book Sale June 2026

Concord Pride 2026

Summer Reading

Calendar

Main Library Events

Fowler Library Events

For Kids

For Teens

Workshop Events

News & Announcements

Book & Social Clubs

Book & Social Clubs Calendar

Exhibitions

Galleries

Public Meeting Rooms

Suggest a Program

Kids & Teens

Calendar

For Kids

For Teens

Weekly Events for Kids

April Bot Party

Girls Who Code

Special Collections

Art at the Library

Finding Aids

Major Subject Collections

Concord Stories from Special Collections

Essays on Concord History

The Goodwin Forum

Gravemarker Data

Historical Markers

Image Requests/Most Requested Images

Concord, Massachusetts Newspapers

Current Exhibitions

Ruth Robinson Wheeler Concord Articles

Town of Concord Archives

Oral History Collection

Get Involved

Donate Books

The Friends

Library Newsletter

Library Corporation

Volunteer

Give

Catalog

Library Website

Catalog

Library Website

Borrow
Get a Library Card

Borrow
Borrow

Get a Library Card

eLibrary

Home Delivery

Library of Things

Seed Lending Library

Museum & Recreation Passes

Request a Title

Research

Get a Library Card

As you start to explore our resources and services, the best place to start is with getting a Minuteman Library Network card. Here are quick answers to some commonly asked questions.

Library Cards
Borrowing Rules
FAQs

Library Cards

Get a Library Card

What do I need to open an account/get a new Library card?

To open a library account, please visit the Circulation Desk and provide a valid ID with your current Massachusetts address . In lieu of an-up to-date ID, you may also bring one photo ID AND a piece of mail (personal letter, bank letter, tax/utility bill, or lease agreement) with your updated address . If you already have a Minuteman Library Network card from a nearby library , it likely already works here! Children ages 11 and younger may get a card if their parent/guardian allows and is present at signup. Middle and high school students may use their student ID as proof of identity.

Family Accounts

Do you offer family accounts?

No, we do not offer family library card accounts. Everyone is welcome to open an individual account following the new card guidelines. Family members may pick up a hold for all members of their family if the library card used to place the hold is in hand (or a copy of the card/digital card).

Out-of-State Cards

I don’t live in Massachusetts/I’m just visiting. Can I still get a card?

Out-of-state residents who meet at least one of the following requirements may be issued a temporary library card with sufficient identification: work in Massachusetts, attend school in Massachusetts, own property in Massachusetts, or are temporarily living in Massachusetts for more than two months.

Borrowing Rules

Loan Periods

How long can I borrow an item?

Our current loan periods are as follows:

Item
Standard Loan Period
New Item Loan Period

Books
4 weeks

2 weeks

Library of Things Items

2 weeks

-

Magazines
1 week
In-Library Use Only

Movies & Music

2 weeks
2 weeks

Speed Reads
2 weeks
-

Speed Views

(DVD/Blu-rays)

1 week

Workshop Items
4 weeks
-

Item Returns

Where do I return my items?

You can return materials to the marked deposit area at the Circulation Desk when the library is open, or use one of the external book drops which are available 24/7 near most entrance points of the Library. Note that some marked items, specifically those from the Library of Things collection, must be returned inside during open hours. Museum passes must always be returned to the location where they were checked out.

Overdue Charges

Do you charge overdue fines?

The Library does not charge overdue fines on most items. However, if you have materials that are overdue for more than 28 days, you must return them or pay for them before you can check out additional items. There are overdue charges on select items, such as Library of Things resources and museum passes.

FAQs

Renewing Cards

How do I renew my Library card?

On September 19, 2024, the Minuteman Library Network (MLN) launched a new platform for patrons to renew their library cards online. This option is available to patrons in several ways, including the drop-down menu in Aspen when you are logged in , the MLN website and the email renewal notification 30 days before their card expires. Click here to renew your library card online . If you need further assistance, please call our Circulation Desk at 978-318-3301 during library hours .

Lost Cards

What should I do if I can’t find my card?

If you lose your library card, simply present a valid ID at the Circulation Desk to receive a new one. If you think you can find your existing card, simply bring your driver’s license or digital card and we’ll use that to look up your account. We encourage all patrons to download the Minuteman Library Network app on their phone and set up their digital library card.

Lost and Damaged Material

What happens if I lost or damaged a Library item?

If an item is lost, please inform us and we may be able to give you additional time to locate it. If an item is damaged, you must inform the Library and the replacement charge will be added to your account. We do not accept purchased replacement copies of items, and we do not issue refunds if a lost item is found at a later date. If you notice an item is damaged when you check it out, please inform the library immediately to avoid being held responsible.

Forgotten Passwords

I cannot remember my pin/password - what do I do?

You can reset your library card password online . No longer have access to the email on file or have privacy concerns related to your account? Give us a call or visit any library location for staff assistance.

Main Library
129 Main Street Concord, MA 01742
(978) 318-3300

Fowler Branch
1322 Main Street Concord, MA 01742
(978) 318-3350

Connect with us

Facebook

YouTube

Instagram

Newsletter Subscribe

© 2026 Concord Free Public Library. All rights reserved.

Contact Us

Site Map

Site by Clearpeak