=== _pages/lawrence.html ===
source_url: https://www.lawrencepl.org/library-card

top of page

Home

About Us

Our Mission
Staff
Staff Picks
Support the Library
Become a Volunteer
Library Policies
Library Board of Trustees
Long Range Plan

Departments

Administration
Computer Lab
Special Collections
Technical Services
Information Services
Childrens Services
Teen Services

Services

Library Card Services
Library Card Application
Library card form
MVLC & BPL E-cards

Books & Online Resources

Contact

Podcast

More

Use tab to navigate through the menu items.

Follow us

We are open

SUMMER SCHEDULE Mon, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. 9am to 5pm

LIBRARY CARD RENEW

CULTURAL PASSES

EVENTS

MEETINGS ROOMS

Library Card Application

A library card is essential for accessing the Public Library's collection of books, magazines, and other materials. With a library card, patrons can borrow and return items, check out eBooks and audiobooks, access online databases, and more. To get a library card, individuals must provide proof of identity and address, such as a driver's license or state-issued ID, and fill out an application. Library cards are free for all residents of the local area.

Circulation

Library Cards

The library registers Lawrence residents above 7th grade with a picture identification (driver's license, Massachusetts identification, Passport, or school ID) and proof of address (utility bill, current month rent receipt, or currently postmarked mail). Borrowers 6th grade or below must have a parent or guardian's signature to obtain a library card.

MVLC Network

Massachusetts residents with a card from their hometown belonging to the Merrimack Valley Library Consortium (MVLC) network are welcome to use our library. If you are a member of another network (NOBLE, Minuteman, Metro Boston, Clams, Old Colony, or CW/MARS) we can register your card in our network.

Agency Cards

The library has developed a service that increases an organization's access to library materials. Agency cards encourage the staff and administrators of such programs to work closely with their residents/clients in the use and return of library materials. This approach is based on the organization accepting formal responsibility for the return of library materials charged out to its residents/clients. The Lawrence Public Library issues cards to organizations as a whole and/or to an individual resident or client at the discretion of the organization.

All agency cards are held at the library and the organization can directly regulate its use by supplying a list of staff, residents, or clients authorized to use the card. Please come to the circulation desk at the main library if you would like to arrange to get an agency card.

Non-Residents

Non-Lawrence residents may obtain a Local Use Lawrence Public Library Card, which would give the borrower access to all of the services offered by the Lawrence Public Library, including our extensive Online Databases.

Fines

The Lawrence Public Library does not charge fees for late items. However, if an item is lost or damaged, we will charge the patron for the price of the item.

Register Now

Quick Links

Support the Library

Making a donation to your local public library is a great way to give back to your community.

Book Clubs ​

Through our membership in the Merrimack Valley Library Consortium, we are able to offer our patrons access to more 300 book club kits!

Free Online Course ​

Gale Courses offers online courses for some of the most requested adult education topics.

Free Citizen

Class

ProCitizen | Preparing you for U.S. Citizenship

​

51 Lawrence Street
Lawrence, MA 01841

​

Phone:

978-620-3600

​

Fax:

978-722-9540

Opening Hours

Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday

9:00 am – 9:00 pm

Home

Mailing list

Meeting Rooms

Library Card Application

Cultural Passes

Books & Online Resources

Become a Volunteer

Administration

Staff

Friday

9:00 am – 5:00 pm

Saturday

9:00 am – 5:00 pm

©2023 by Lawrence Public Library

bottom of page