=== _pages/lynn.html ===
source_url: https://lynnpubliclibrary.org/

Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content

Lynn Public Library

5 North Common St. Lynn, MA 01902 Phone: 781-595-0567 Fax: 781-592-5050

Search

Main menu

Home

About Us

Mission Statement and History

Hours and Directions

Staff

Trustees

Friends of the Lynn Public Library

Accessibility

Policies

Patron Behavior Policy

Borrowing, Renewals, and Returns

Computer Usage Policy

Fax Policy

Program Policy

Unattended Children and Safe Child Policies

Collection Development Policy – Children’s Department

Contact us

Book Donations

Departments

Reference

Computer Services

Hotspots/Chomebook Lending

Databases

Local Archives/Obituary Search

Tax Forms

Genealogy LINKS

Community Resources

Health and Business Resources

Adult/Circulation

Get a Library Card

Borrowing, Renewals, and Returns

Your NOBLE Account

InterLibrary Loans

New Items

Book Lists

Young Adult

Teen Page

Teen Tech Space

Teen Book List

Your NOBLE Account

Homework Help and Practice Exams

Get a Library Card

Borrowing, Renewals, and Returns

Children’s

Get a Library Card

Borrowing, Renewals, and Returns

New Items

Book Lists

Get a Library Card

Museum Pass Program

Calendar

Online Services

Kanopy

Overdrive/Libby

Comics Plus

Mango Languages

Gale Free Online Courses

LearningExpress Library

Your NOBLE Account

Wowbrary

Freegal Music

Consumer Reports

EBSCO Ethnic Diversity Source

Databases

New Items

Book Recommendations

Library of Things

Hotspots/Chomebook Lending

Welcome to the Lynn Public Library

Featured

Posted on November 17, 2016 by Theresa Hurley

T he staff of the Lynn Public Library is dedicated to serving the needs of a diverse population whose interests range from scholarly research to cultural pursuits to entertainment. The Library encourages an environment where its patrons may inform, educate, and enlighten themselves. Our collection numbers almost 125,000 volumes, with over 30,000 in the Children’s Department alone. The large Reference collection is known for its emphasis on Lynn history, genealogy, the Civil War, business and law. The Circulation Department keeps current with all the best sellers.

The Lynn Public Library is one of 28 area libraries that make up the North of Boston Library Exchange ( NOBLE ).

Posted in Lynn Public Library

Mahjong Club

Posted on May 12, 2026 by Lindsey Robert

Posted in Uncategorized

Kanopy

Posted on March 21, 2026 by Lindsey Robert

The Lynn Public Library now offers Kanopy! Adult patrons (must be 18-years or older) with a Lynn Public Library card can now start streaming movies, shows, documentaries, and more. Each patron will receive 25 tickets a month to watch. Click here to get started.

Posted in Lynn Public Library

Comic Plus

Posted on August 8, 2025 by Cole

We now have Comics Plus! Patrons with a Lynn Public Library card or ecard can access our new online collection of manga and graphic novels. Click the links below to access the collections.

Full Collection

Teen Collection

Children’s Collection

Posted in Lynn Public Library

eCard Service from NOBLE

Posted on November 15, 2023 by Lindsey Robert

NOBLE now offers eCard service! Patrons, complete your registration online using this form , no need to visit the library.

Once your address is verified, you will receive an email containing your digital library card number. This number can be used to access your account, borrow eBooks through Libby/Overdrive, and access other digital resources. eCard accounts are valid for 3 years at a time and can be upgraded to a traditional account by visiting any NOBLE library with your I.D.

Posted in Lynn Public Library

Lynn is Now Fine Free!

Posted on April 7, 2022 by Cole

Starting April 7th, 2022, the Lynn Public Library will no longer be charging late fines on any of our items! Bring back your overdue books, DVDs, and CDs to check out more! Items from other libraries may still accrue late fines. Does not apply to billed or lost items. If you have questions regarding your account, please contact us at 781-595-0567.

Posted in Lynn Public Library

Mobile hotspots now available

Posted on October 5, 2021 by Cole

Posted in Lynn Public Library

Meet Libby

Posted on December 27, 2020 by Lisa Bourque

Overdrive now has a new ebook and audiobook app! Libby is now available to download for free from your app store. For more information visit the Libby help page .

Posted in Lynn Public Library

Magazines Now Available on Libby

Posted on March 16, 2020 by Lisa Bourque

Your favorite app for e books and audio books has just gotten better. Libby now has magazines that you can download to your favorite smart device or computer! Visit https://noble.overdrive.com/ for more information and to browse the magazine collection.

Posted in Lynn Public Library

Hours
Search The Catalog

Library Account Log-in

Find us on:

e-Books and Audiobooks

Our Online Services:

WiFi

What’s New?

Proudly powered by WordPress