=== _pages/lynnfield.html ===
source_url: https://lynnfieldlibrary.org/about/get-a-library-card/

Skip to content

View Hours

Close Search

What Can We Help You Find?

Go

Catalog

Website

The official website of the Lynnfield Public Library

My Account

About

The Library

Hours & Directions
About Us
Get a Library Card
Latest News
Policies
Land Acknowledgment
Library Board of Trustees
Strategic Plan 2024-2028
Accessibility
KultureCity Sensory Inclusive

The Community

Lynnfield Community Links
Tax Information 2026
Sustainability

Get Involved

Supporting the Library
Friends of the Lynnfield Public Library
Volunteering
Donate Books
Lynnfield Library Foundation
Subscribe to Newsletter
Suggest a Library Program

Collections

Library Services

Library Catalogs Buy Bactroban Canada
Purchase Nizoral Online
Female cialis Online
Buy Cipro Online No Prescription
Order Addyi Online

Using the Library
My Library Account
Ask a Librarian
Purchase Requests
Fiction Express
Staff Picks
Reader’s Corner
Book Clubs & More

Research & Resources

Digital Resources
eBooks & Movies
DIY Learning
Local History & Genealogy
Recovery Collection

Beyond Books

Library of Things
Museum Passes
Hot Spots
Long-Term Lending Technology Program

Kids, Tweens & Teens

For Kids

Overview
Children’s Programs
Children’s Book Suggestions
1000 Books Before Kindergarten

For Tweens & Teens

Overview
Tween & Teen Programs
Tween & Teen Book Suggestions

For Caregivers

Parent & Caregiver Resources
Teacher Resources

Calendars

Calendars

Event Calendar
Community Calendar

Get a Library Card

Full-Access Cards

Requests for full access library cards can be sent to lfdcirc@noblenet.org . Please include your name, address, phone number, and birth date for any person requesting a card. You can also download and email an application.

Download a Library Card Application.

Requests may also be made in person, we cannot take card requests over the phone.

Library cards are free and available regardless of where you live in Massachusetts. In addition to the above information, proof of current mailing address (license, checkbook, utility bill, etc.) is needed. This can be done electronically by including a picture of an ID/license or a piece of mail with your request. We just need to see your name and address, anything else can be blocked.

You may use a library card issued by any NOBLE library at the Lynnfield Library without registering for another card. Click here for a list of libraries in the NOBLE consortium.

If you have a library card from another library consortium, we can use that card number for your new Lynnfield/NOBLE account so that you do not have to carry two cards around.

If parents or guardians allow their children to acquire their own Library card, they must be aware that the child will have unrestricted access to all materials provided by the Library. Additionally, parents or guardians will not have access to their child’s account unless they specify during the registration process that they would like access to the account (with the child present).

NOBLE eCards

Ecards are now available for access to electronic resources. You are eligible to apply for a NOBLE eCard if you live in a Massachusetts town and do not currently have a library card from a NOBLE member library .

To sign up for an Ecard, fill out this Get a NOBLE eCard form . You must provide an email address to get a card.

Ecards can be upgraded to a full access card by stopping by the Library with a photo ID. Please note that while holds for physical materials can be placed in the public catalog using an eCard, checkouts will not be permitted until the card is upgraded to a full access card. Additionally, museum passes are only available for those with full access cards.

Related Pages

Get a Library Card

Latest News

Accessibility

Policies

Lynnfield Community Links

Tax Information 2026

Sustainability

Volunteering

Donate Books

Lynnfield Library Foundation

Subscribe to Newsletter

Suggest a Library Program

Ask a Librarian

18 Summer St Lynnfield, MA 01940

781-334-5411

lfd@noblenet.org

781-334-2164

Subscribe to Newsletter

©2023 Lynnfield Public Library, All Rights Reserved.

Policies

Accessibility