=== _pages/marblehead.html ===
source_url: https://abbotlibrary.org/about/general-info/

Serving the Town of Marblehead, MA since 1877

Donate at APLF

Search Catalog

Account Login

About

General Info

Strategic Plan

History of Abbot

Board of Trustees & Staff

What We Offer

Borrow / Use

Library of Things

Interlibrary Loan

Digital Content

New Arrivals & Recommendations

Get a Museum Pass

Reserve a Computer

Reserve a Meeting Room

Homebound Delivery

Visit

Events

Kids/Teens

Summer Reading

Carten Gallery

Tax Prep Program (Seasonal)

Research

Digital Resources

Special Collections

Marblehead History & Digital Archive

Kids/Teens

Kids Under 12 years old

For Teens (ages 13 to 18)

Summer Reading

Get Involved

Abbot Public Library Foundation (new site)

Friends of Abbot Public Library

Donate (new site)

Volunteer

Library News

In the News

Press Releases

Events

General Info

Contact Us

Children’s Department

[email protected]

781-631-1481, Ext. 217

Teen Department

[email protected]

781-631-1481, Ext. 218

General Inquiries

[email protected]

781-631-1481

Frequently Asked Questions

Library Policies

Your Title Goes Here

Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings.

How to Get a Library Card

To register for a free library eCard, please fill out the form here and you will be contacted with your new library eCard information. Your new eCard number will be valid for three years and will grant access to our wide array of digital services to enjoy from home. Please note that an eCard can only be used for digital services and you will need to upgrade to a physical card to borrow physical items from the library.

Patrons with eCard barcodes may present a valid ID with a current address to pick up an official library card for full use of all library services. Please contact the Library at [email protected] or 781-631-1481 with any questions.

If you know you have an existing account but do not know your library card number, or need to update your account, please email [email protected] or call 781-631-1481 for assistance.

Please review our Borrowing Policy for more information.

Find Your Account

Log into your account with your barcode and pin number to:

Reserve books or other materials from any NOBLE library to be delivered to your NOBLE library of choice

Find out when your reserve is available for pickup

View the list of items you have checked out

Renew the items you have checked out provided that the item has not reached the maximum number of renewals, no one else has reserved the item and renewals are allowed on the item

View your unpaid fines

View the list of items you have on hold (reserve)

Cancel your holds (reserves)

Reserve a Museum Pass

Interested in reserving a museum pass? Discover what museums you can get access to and how to reserve a pass today on Get a Museum Pass page .

Access a Library Computer

More information at Reserve a Computer .

Checkout a Laptop from the Library of Things

For more information, visit the Library of Things page .

Download Audiobooks and Ebooks

For more information, visit the Digital Resources page.

Reserve a Meeting Space

For more information, visit the Reserve a Meeting Room page.

Reserving and Renewals by Phone

To renew materials, please call the Library’s Main Desk at 781-631-1481 Ext. 201.

To reserve an item please call the reference desk at 781-631-1481 Ext. 213.

You may renew the items you have checked out provided that the item has not reached the maximum number of renewals, no one else has reserved the item and renewals are allowed on the item.

do not delete

Animals in the Library Policy

Purpose:

Abbot Public Library (APL) strives to provide a comfortable, enjoyable, and safe environment for all to read, study, work, socialize, and enjoy programs. APL also recognizes that patrons with disabilities may have service animals that are trained to assist or accommodate them with a sensory, emotional, or physical disability, or to perform tasks for said patron’s benefit. The purpose of this policy is to establish rules that protect the rights and safety of all APL patrons, staff, and volunteers as well as to preserve and protect APL’s materials, equipment, facilities, and grounds.

Policy:

Other than service animals, pets or animals are not allowed in APL. Animals that are part of a Library sponsored program are exempt from this regulation.

In Massachusetts “A service animal is a dog, or in rare cases a miniature horse, that has been individually trained to do work or perform tasks for a person with a disability.”

Individuals with disabilities may bring their service animal into all areas of APL where members of the public are regularly permitted. In addition:

All service animals must be under the full custody and control of their handler at all times.

All service dogs must be on a leash or harness at all times unless the handler is unable to leash or harness the dog because of a disability, or use of a leash or harness would interfere with the dog’s safe, effective performance of work or tasks.

If the service dog cannot be leashed or harnessed, it must otherwise be under the handler’s control (e.g. voice control, signals, or other effective means).

Owners of the service dog are solely responsible for the supervision and care of the service dog. Owners must keep the service dog directly with them at all times.

Service animals must be housebroken.

Users of service animals are not required to show papers or prove a disability. Service animals are not required to be licensed or certified by a state or local government or training program, or be identified by a special harness or collar. If Library staff needs clarification on the status of a service animal, they may legally ask two questions:

“Is the animal a service animal required because of a disability?”

“What work or task has the animal been trained to perform?”

Staff may not ask about the owner’s disability. Fear of allergies, annoyance on the part of other patrons or employees, or fear of animals are generally not valid reasons for denying access or refusing service to people with service animals.

Per Marblehead’s bylaws : “No person owning, harboring or having custody and control of a dog shall permit such dog to be at large in the Town of Marblehead at any time, elsewhere than on the premises of the owner except; (1) it be on the premises of another person with the knowledge and assent of such person, or (2) it be in a dog park established by the Town for the specific purpose to allow dogs to run; and otherwise the dog shall be controlled and restrained by a leash of appropriate length.”

Consequences:

The service animal must not pose an unreasonable risk of injury or harm to property or other patrons. Nor can the animal be disruptive.

If either of these becomes the case, and the owner does not take sufficient and effective control of the animal, the owner will be asked to remove the animal from APL. In such a case, Library staff must give the person with the disability the option to obtain library services without having the service animal on the premises.

Approved by the Board of Trustees, September 2024.

Bulletin Board Policy

It is the policy of the Abbot Public Library to provide as much information to the community as possible. In order to achieve this objective, any information of a community interest may be posted on the section of the bulletin boards labeled Community Interest. All items for posting must be delivered to a customer service desk and should include the date submitted. Please direct questions concerning what may be placed may be referred to the Library Director. Abbot Public Library does not endorse any of the listings. Old items will be periodically removed from the bulletin board. (Reviewed and approved by the Board of Trustees, March 2022)

Borrowing Policy

Abbot Public Library Borrowing Policy As a member of the North of Boston Library Exchange (NOBLE) , Abbot Public Library is dedicated to providing equitable access to its diverse collection of materials and services.. Following NOBLE’s Borrower’s Card Policy , this policy outlines the guidelines for borrowing materials, managing accounts, and ensuring responsible use of library resources.

Library Card Eligibility & Registration

1.1 Eligibility

Library cards are available free of charge to residents of Massachusetts and individuals who work or attend school in Marblehead. Non-residents may be eligible for a card under specific circumstances.

1.2 Registration

To obtain a library card, applicants must:

Complete a registration form.

Present valid photo identification.

Provide proof of current address.

1.3 Online Registration (E-Card)

An E-Card can be registered online for immediate access to digital resources. To convert an E-Card to a full physical library card for access to physical materials, patrons must visit the library in person with valid identification and proof of address.

1.4 Children and Teens

Children 12 and under may obtain a library card with the signature of a parent or legal guardian. Teeens 13-17 may sign for their own cards. The parent or guardian is responsible for materials borrowed on the child or teen’s card.

1.5 Using NOBLE Cards

Any NOBLE library’s card, public or academic, may be used for circulation transactions in any NOBLE library. The only exceptions are local teacher cards, local use only cards, institutional cards, non-circulation/electronic access cards, online cards not yet upgraded, and cards of non-Massachusetts non-academic borrowers, which are a local option contingent on policies configured into the system.

In addition to presentation of the original library card, other acceptable means of account identification for circulation include:

Valid Photo ID: Accept without any further verification.

Barcode in Mobile App, Scanned/Digitized Barcode Image, Verbal Recitation of Barcode, Other Printed/Handwritten Form of Barcode: Accept without any further verification.

A minimum of three verification parameters as determined by each individual library that may include, but not be limited to, having the patron correctly identify date of birth, address, telephone number, or other personal information in the patron record.

These recommendations pertain to material being checked out from the home library as well as items owned by other network libraries being retrieved from the hold shelf. In picking up a hold, it is preferable to use the card for which the hold was placed. Otherwise, there is no preference as to which card should be used; all will provide the correct statistics. However, students, faculty, or staff affiliated with a NOBLE institution may receive better privileges if the card matches the institution.

Borrowing Privileges

2.1 Loan Periods & Limits

Audiobooks (Books on CD)

14 days, 2 renewals

No limit on the number of items.

Book Club Kits

Book Club Kits may be booked online via the Assabet interface.

The loan period for Book Club Kits is up to 5 weeks, and there are no overdue fines.

Digital Items (Children)

14 days, 1 renewal

2 per family; may not be reserved as hold or ILL.

DVDs

14 days, 1 renewal

No limit on the number of items.

Kits for Children

14 days, 2 renewals

1 per family (except 3D Goggles and Book Kit: 2 per family); may not be reserved as hold or ILL; must be returned inside the building.

Library of Things

All Library of Things items are available on a first-come, first-served basis with a loan period of up to 2 weeks and an overdue fine of $5 per day, except for Book Club Kits. Please see the Library of Things Borrowing Agreement for more details.

Print Material

14 days, 2 renewals

No limit on the number of items, except high-demand children’s/YA material.

Quick Picks (Bonnie’s Bestsellers)

14 days, 0 renewals

No holds or Interlibrary Loans; excludes Children’s & YA collections.

Video Games (Adult)

14 days, 1 renewal

1 game per cardholder; may be reserved as hold or ILL; must be returned inside the building.

Video Games (Teens)

14 days, 1 renewal

1 game per cardholder; may not be reserved as hold or ILL; must be returned inside the building.

Video Games (Children)

14 days, 1 renewal

2 games per family; may not be reserved as hold or ILL; must be returned inside the building.

2.2 Renewals

Eligible items may be renewed if there are no outstanding holds on the item and the patron’s account is in good standing. Renewals can be made in person, by phone, or online through the NOBLE catalog.

2.4 Holds

Patrons may place holds on materials currently checked out or on order. Notifications will be sent when the item becomes available for pickup. Items must be picked up within a specified timeframe (typically 7 days) or the hold will be cancelled.

Fines, Fees & Lost/Damaged Materials

3.1 Overdue Fines

The Abbot Public Library does not charge overdue fines on materials. This policy aims to remove barriers to access and encourage the timely return of materials.

3.2 Lost or Damaged Materials

Patrons are responsible for the safe return of all borrowed materials.

Lost Items: For items declared lost, patrons will be charged a replacement fee equal to the original cost of the item.

Damaged Items : For items returned damaged beyond repair, patrons will be charged a replacement fee equal to the original cost of the item. For minor damage that can be repaired, a repair fee may be assessed. Replacements will not be accepted.

3.3, Account Blocks and Payment

Accounts with accumulated charges for lost or damaged materials exceeding $50 will be blocked from borrowing or accessing certain library services until the charges are resolved.

Unresolved charges may be referred to a collection agency, incurring additional fees.

To pay fines, find your account here . Enter your library card number and PIN number. You can pay all fees or you can uncheck items you do not wish to pay, then click the “Pay Selected Charges” button. The screen will refresh to allow you to enter your credit card information. The minimum charge payable is $1.01.

Patron Responsibilities

4.1 Care of Materials

Patrons are responsible for returning materials in the same condition they were borrowed. This includes protecting items from water damage, pet damage, writing, highlighting, or any other alterations.

4.2 Account Security

Patrons are responsible for all materials borrowed on their library card.

Report lost or stolen cards immediately to prevent unauthorized use.

Keep personal information (address, phone, email) up-to-date with the library.

Privacy

The Abbot Public Library respects the privacy of its patrons. All circulation records and patron information are considered confidential and will not be disclosed to third parties except as required by law (e.g., valid court order).

Interlibrary Loan

As a NOBLE member, patrons can request materials from other NOBLE libraries or through the Massachusetts Virtual Catalog. Availability of interlibrary loan (ILL) service for specific material types may vary.

Policy Review

This policy is subject to periodic review and revision by the Abbot Public Library Board of Trustees to ensure it meets the evolving needs of the community and aligns with NOBLE policies.

Approved by the Board of Trustees April 2022, February and December 2023, August and October 2024, March and August 2025.

Code of Conduct Policy

CODE OF CONDUCT POLICY

Purpose:

Abbot Public Library (APL) strives to ensure a comfortable, enjoyable, and safe environment for reading, studying, conducting research, working, socializing, browsing, and enjoying programs. The purpose of this policy is to establish rules of conduct that protect the rights and safety of APL patrons, volunteers, and staff, and that preserve and protect APL’s materials, equipment, facilities, and grounds.

Pol
…[truncated]