=== _pages/medford.html ===
source_url: https://medfordlibrary.org/about-us/policies/borrowing-policies/

Skip to content

Main Navigation

About Us

Hours, Directions, & Parking

Library Building & History

Stacks Mosaic

Mission and Policies

Library Strategic Plan

Services

Accessibility

Computers and Technology

Homebound/Curbside Delivery

Hotspots

Interlibrary Loan & Holds

Wireless Printing

Friends of the Library

Medford Public Library Foundation

Minuteman Library Network

Contact Us

Calendar & Events

Calendar

Book Groups

Newsletter

Resources

All Digital Resources

Book a Librarian

City of Medford

Digital Resources Highlights

kanopy

hoopla

Libby by OverDrive

Libby and Libby Extras

Libby and Partner Libraries

eLearning Resources

LearningExpress Library

Mango Languages

Universal Class

Library of Things

Local History

Cemetery Information

Genealogical Resources

House History

Local History

Medford Historical Register

Medford History Online

Maps

Photographs

Reference and Research

A-Z list of Digital Resources

Digital Resources By Subject

Interlibrary Loan

News, Newspapers, and Magazines

Children’s

Children’s

Children’s Events

Month at a Glance

Family Programs

Music and Movement Programs

S.T.E.A.M. Programs

Story Times, Book Clubs, and Literacy Programs

Children’s Booklists

New Books

Booklists by Age/Grade

Booklists by Topic

Readalike Booklists

Peg Doll Book Reviews

Library of Things (Children’s)

1,000 Books Before Kindergarten

Local Kid Authors

Children’s Digital Resources

Parent and Teacher Resources

Teens

Teens

Teen Events

Teen Events

Art and Maker Events

Teen Book Clubs

Chameleon

Gaming and Tech Events

Teen Booklists

Teen Booklists

New Books

Booklists by Genre/Topic

Booklists by Main Character

Teen Book Tropes

Award Winning Teen Books

Teen Readalikes

Completed Series

Should I Read This?

Teen Digital Resources

Teen Digital Resources

Pathfinders

Teen Volunteer Opportunities

Teen Volunteer Opportunities

Teen Advisory Board

Parent/Teacher Resources

Parent/Teacher Resources

Teacher Services Request (Grades 6-12)

Search

Borrowing Policies

Home »

About Us »

Mission and Policies »

Borrowing Policies »

Borrowing Policies

Minuteman Library Network

The Medford Public Library is a member of the Minuteman Library Network. Card holders at the Medford Library may use their cards at any MLN library and vice versa. Loan periods, fine rates, and other policies may differ at each library. A list of the MLN member libraries is available at the Information Desk or here . To access MLN online, go to https://www.minlib.net/ .

Registering for a Library Card

Library cards are issued to Massachusetts residents who present a piece of identification with their name and current address. Children under age 18 may obtain a card if accompanied by a parent or guardian. 7th grade and older must be accompanied by a parent or guardian, or present signed permission in writing and a piece of identification with name and address. Cards issued in Medford may be used at any library in the Minuteman Library Network.

Identification may include a valid driver’s license, imprinted bank check, piece of delivered non-personal mail such as a bill, bank statement, or magazine with a mailing label.

Out-of-state residents who work in Massachusetts, are students in Massachusetts, own property in Massachusetts, or are living in temporarily in Massachusetts (for a minimum of 8 weeks), may register for a card. Work ID that includes a current mailing address, or a student ID that includes a current mailing address, or a piece of delivered non-personal mail is required for verification of a Massachusetts mailing address.

Patrons may apply for a temporary card online by going to https://www.minlib.net/ecard and providing a valid email address. A card number will be emailed to that address which can be used to borrow materials from the digital catalog and place holds in the Minuteman catalog. A temporary library card typically expires after six months so a patron must physically visit the Library and provide a photo ID with current address in order to receive a permanent card.

Checking Out

If your card is lost, you may use a photo ID instead or get a new card and number issued at no cost.

Confidentiality of Records

It is the policy of the Medford Public Library, as well as the Minuteman Library Network, to guard the confidentiality of all library users. The computerized system maintains no trace in the patron’s record of items that have been borrowed and returned unless an overdue charge is still outstanding. Once a fine is paid, all record of the transaction is eliminated. Using a library card number and PIN, patrons can set up a “Reading History” account which will keep track of all items borrowed. This service is only accessible to the patron in the My Account feature of the website.

Interlibrary Loan and Reserves

Reciprocal borrowing is provided for MLN card holders through the Minuteman Library Network. Requests may be placed in person, by phone, on online. To place a request online, you must obtain a password for your account (visit https://www.minlib.net/minlib.net or see “Online Accounts” below). Card holders will be notified by telephone or e-mail when requested items are available. Materials not available in the MLN may be obtained through other networks.

Loan Periods

Loan Periods at the Medford Public Library are:

Books: 3 weeks

Audiobooks, CD’s, & Magazines: 3 weeks

DVDs: 2 weeks

Museum Passes: 1 day

Books from other libraries may have different loan periods.

The Medford Public Library assumes no responsibility for damage to equipment.

Lost and Damaged Materials

Patrons will be charged for lost or damaged items according to the list price of the item or the generic price entered into the bibliographic record. Patrons may also replace a lost or damaged item with an identical item, newly purchased. If an item is lost and paid for, the patron must provide either a receipt or cancelled check to receive a refund. Refunds are issued through City Hall and can take time to process. If you are paying for a lost item, be sure to request a receipt.

Materials borrowed from other MLN libraries may be paid for at Medford by check or money order only. If you want to replace an item from another library, you must contact that library directly to make sure they will accept a replacement.

Notices

If you have an e-mail address associated with your account, you will receive all notices and communication by e-mail. This includes notification when holds become available, 2-day reminders that books are going to be due, and notifications about bills and fines. You may also opt into text alerts by texting “SIGNUP” to (833) 201-1813.

Online Accounts

MLN card holders may sign-up for a password in order to access their borrowing records online and view and renew materials they’ve checked out, view fines and overdue items, request downloadable materials, and view, place or cancel requests. Patrons may request that a password of their choosing be added to their account at the Circulation, Information, or Reference Desks. Passwords must be between 3 and 8 characters and can be numbers and/or letters. Online accounts can be accessed in your browser or with the MLN app, which also includes a digital library card, which can be shown on a mobile device in place of your physical card.

Overdue Fines

The library encourages the prompt return of materials borrowed by patrons but, with the exception of museum passes, no overdue fees will be charged for late returns. An item that has been out 28 days beyond its due date will be charged a replacement cost which can be paid instead of returning the item. Patrons may continue to check out materials as long as their fee amount is under $100.00. Fines can be paid by cash or check at any MLN library and by debit/credit card online in the patron’s online account.

Fine rates are as follows:

Charges for late Museum Passes are $10.00 per day, $30.00 maximum per pass.

Out of Network (ILL) fees may be incurred if the loading library insists.

Renewals

All Medford materials may be renewed two times – in person, by telephone, or online. An item cannot be renewed if it is reserved for another patron. Items from other MLN libraries may be renewed twice at Medford, but please be aware that renewal limits and policies are different at each MLN library . Items that are not on hold will automatically renew on their due date. However, new items and items with pending holds will not. Out of network ILL books cannot be renewed.

Returns

Materials may be returned at the Circulation Desk during the Library’s regular hours of operation. Book Drops are available at each entrance. There is a fine of $5.00 for Museum Passes returned in the book drop. Please bring Passes into the library or to the Information Desk for return.

Materials from other MLN libraries may be returned to Medford, subject to Medford’s fine rates. Materials from Non-MLN libraries will be accepted at Medford, but will not be checked in until they reach the home library.

About Us

Calendar & Events

Resources

Children’s

Teens

Search

Quick Links

My Account

Databases

MLN Catalog

Library Card

Room Reservations

Get a Museum Pass

Donate

Mon-Thurs:
9:00 am - 9:00 pm

Friday:
9:00 am - 6:00 pm

Saturday:
9:00 am - 5:00 pm

Sunday:
Closed

Say Hello

111 High Street Medford, MA 02155

781-395-7950

Connect With Us

Quick Links

My Account

Databases

MLN Catalog

Donate

Website by BI

© Copyright 2020. All rights reserved.