=== _pages/melrose.html ===
source_url: https://melrosepubliclibrary.org/services/borrow/library-cards/

Melrose Public Library

69 West Emerson Street ~ Melrose MA ~ 02176 ~ 781-665-2313

Search for:

My Account

Menu

Home

Children’s Room

Calendar of Children’s Events

1000 Books Before Kindergarten

Digital Library for Children

Kids’ Groups

Children’s Room Book Lists

What to Read Next? for Kids

Teens

Calendar of Teen Events

Teen Digital Resources

Teen Volunteering

Digital Library

Events

Event Calendar

Book Groups

Library Info

Gift Program

Hours

Policies, Plans, & Forms

MPL’s History

Staff & Trustees

Volunteer & Community Service Opportunities

Floor Plans

Contact Us

Services

Library Cards

Computer & Internet Use

Melrose Local History Room

Chromebook Kits

Mobile Hotspots

Reference and Research

Friends

MUSEUM PASSES

Seed Library

Building Project

Social Media

Quiet Study Rooms

Meeting Rooms

Library Cards

Library Cards

To register for a physical library card, please bring photo identification with proof of your current address to the Main Desk and fill out our registration form. Guardians of children ages 4 and older may register them for a library card with proof of address and a signature. Local students ages 11-18 may register with school identification or with a guardian.

If you do not have a current permanent address, you may get a local use Melrose Public Library card.

If you are a 60+ year old Melrose resident and are homebound and unable to visit the library due to short or long-term disability or infirmity, please call and ask to speak with a circulation librarian regarding our homebound delivery application, 781-665-2313.

If you are a Massachusetts resident without a library card and would like to obtain an eCard, granting access to digital materials only, please apply online .

Please remember to bring your library card with you when you visit. You are responsible for all materials borrowed on your library card (and your dependents’ cards). Your card may be used at all NOBLE (North Of Boston Library Exchange) libraries .

Circulating Materials

Using your physical library card, you are able to take out an unlimited number of physical materials. Digital materials are available for use with your library card number through various platforms accessible on our website.

Loan Periods

Select Reference materials – 3 days and are not renewable

DVDs – 1 week

New books, magazines, and music CDs – 2 weeks

Older books, large print books, paperback books, audio books, Young Adult books, and most Children’s materials – 4 weeks

Items borrowed from another NOBLE library will follow the loan period of:

Printed materials – 2 weeks

Media materials – 1 week

Audio books – 2 weeks

Lost Materials

You will be assessed the price listed in the item record for material lost or seriously damaged by you or your dependents.

A new copy of certain Melrose-owned items may be accepted in lieu of payment, with approval of a library supervisor. Some libraries do not accept replacement copies. Before purchasing a replacement copy, please speak with a library supervisor.

Reserving Materials (“Holds”)

Library patrons are able to request items not on our shelves through NOBLE. You may place a request through our online catalog, over the phone, or at the library. You will be notified by phone call, email, or text, whichever you prefer. When picking up reserved material for a friend or family member, it is necessary to have their library card number.

Renewals

Most library materials automatically renew up to two times as long as no holds are pending. You will receive an email to the effect if you have an email address associated with your library account. Alternatively, you may inquire with a staff person in person, over the phone, or online for assistance in renewing or status of a due date (please have your library card handy when doing so).

Returns

You may return any NOBLE item to the Melrose Public Library. The Melrose Public Library does not charge fines for overdue materials, however, other NOBLE libraries may do so. If a non-Melrose item is not returned or renewed by midnight on the due date, an overdue fine may accrue. Library materials may be returned at any time; please use our book drop if our building is closed.

Lost Library Cards

You are responsible for all materials taken out on your card until the date when you report the card lost. Please tell us immediately if your card is lost or stolen. You must have identification to receive a replacement card.

MPL Hours
Mon – Thur: 10 a.m. – 9 p.m.*

Fri & Sat : 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.

Sunday: 2 – 5 p.m. (made possible again by the Override!)

* Upper Level closes at 8 pm (Children’s Room, Teen Room, and Upper Lobby)

Newsletter

Sign up for the Melrose Public Library newsletter to receive information in your email inbox on library services and upcoming events!

MPL Digital Heritage Collection

Libby and OverDrive