=== _pages/middleton.html ===
source_url: https://flintlibrary.org/index.php/get-a-library-card/

(978) 774-8132

flint3@comcast.net

Middleton Catalog

MVLC Catalog

My Account

FPL Instagram

FPL Facebook

Home

About Us

Map & Directions

Mission Statement

Library Staff

Trustees

Minutes & Agenda

Friends of the Flint

History

Long Range Plan

Policies

Contact Us

Town of Middleton

Books & Resources

New Materials

Book Club Kits

Online Resources

Articles & Databases

Local History Resources

eBooks & eAudiobooks

Suggest a Title

Author Alerts

Library Services

Event Calendar

Children’s Services

Teen Services

Adult Services

Get a Library Card

eCard Registration

Library Meeting Rooms

Print, Copy, Scan & Fax

Public Use Computers

Museum Passes

eNewsletter

Select Page

LIBRARY CARDS

Library cards will be issued to any resident of Middleton, MA who shows proper identification. The minimum age to receive a library card is 5 years. Children 14 years and under need a parent or guardian’s signature.

Apply for a Library Card

If you would like to apply for a library card in person, please visit the circulation desk on the main floor of the library. Be sure to bring a photo ID displaying your Middleton address; if your photo ID does not have your current Middleton address listed, please bring a utility bill, property tax bill, or rental agreement proving Middleton residency to the library along with your photo ID.

If you would like to apply for a library card over the phone, please call 978-774-8132. A librarian will create your card and give you your card number over the phone. With this card number, you have access to all of the library’s online resources such as Libby and OverDrive. This card number will remain active for 30 days. Before the end of the 30 days, please bring a form of photo ID and proof of Middleton residency to the library to verify your information and pick up your physical card.

If you would like to apply for a library card online, please click here.

Replacement Cards

You may replace your lost or damaged library card at the circulation desk for a fee of $1.00.

Update Your Account Information

Changes of address, phone number, or email address should be reported to the library, either online through your library account, by calling the library, or at one of the circulation desks.

Your library account will expire every 3 years and must be updated. To update your account, please call the library or visit one of the circulation desks.

BORROWING LIBRARY MATERIALS

The following items are available to borrow from Flint Public Library:

Children’s, Young Adult, and Adult Books

Current and Back Issues of Magazines

DVDs

Audiobooks (on CD and Pre-loaded Digital)

Children’s Book Kits

Museum Passes

Large Print Books

Music CDs, Records (readily available via MVLC)

Nature Exploration Kits

Wi-Fi Hotspots

Book Club Kits

Loan Periods

Library books circulate for a three-week period. DVDs and magazines circulate for a one-week period. Museum passes that need to be returned are due the day following their use. With the exception of books with request lists, most library materials may be renewed. Renewals can be made in person, by phone, or online through your library account.

Request an Item

Any circulation material may be requested either by phone, in person, or online.* You will be contacted when the material becomes available. One week is allowed for pick-up of material that is being held at the library. If the material is not borrowed during this period, it moves to the next name on the request list.

*To request materials online, log into your Flint Public Library account by clicking here. You will need your library card number and PIN. Please contact the library at 978-774-8132 if you are unsure of this information.

Bills and Fines

There are no fines for overdue materials. If a patron loses or damages an item, they must pay for the item or supply a replacement copy after receiving approval from the library. Patrons may pay for the lost or damaged item at the library circulation desk with cash or a check made out to “The Town of Middleton”, or they may pay online by clicking here . If a patron wishes to supply a replacement copy, please contact the library at 978-774-8132.

Merrimack Valley Library Consortium (MVLC)

The Merrimack Valley Library Consortium is an alliance of 36 public libraries serving the Greater Merrimack Valley region of Massachusetts. From the MVLC page, you can: connect to the MVLC online catalog, obtain information on the network and all member libraries, and access a selected group of library-related and general internet resources.

Commonwealth Catalog

If you cannot find an item in the MVLC catalog, you can search other libraries across the Commonwealth of Massachusetts via the Commonwealth Catalog . Requested items will be delivered to the Flint Public Library for pick-up and should be returned only to the Flint Public Library.

Items from the Commonwealth Catalog may be borrowed for a maximum of 30 days with no renewals. Please visit the circulation desk or call the library at 978-774-8132 with any questions.

APPLY FOR A LIBRARY CARD ONLINE

You may fill out the form below to apply for a library card online. Once you have submitted your information, you will receive a library card in the mail that is active for 30 days. Before the end of the 30 days, please bring a form of photo ID with your Middleton address to the library to verify your information. If your photo ID does not have your current Middleton address listed, please bring a utility bill, property tax bill, or rental agreement proving Middleton residency to the library along with your photo ID.

PLEASE NOTE: Flint Public Library cards may only be issued to residents of Middleton, Massachusetts. If you are a Massachusetts resident that lives outside of Middleton and you would like to borrow our materials, please visit the library circulation desk or call 978-774-8132 to learn more.

First Name

Last Name

Middle Initial

Preferred Name (if applicable)

Birthday (mm/dd/yyyy)

Phone Number

Email Address

Street Address

City & Zip Code

Mailing Address (if different)

Subscribe to our monthly library e-Newsletter? (if yes, please include an email address above)

Subscribe to our monthly library e-Newsletter? (if yes, please include an email address above)

Yes

No

Subscribe to our weekly new items email (Wowbrary)? (if yes, please include an email address above)

Subscribe to our weekly new items email (Wowbrary)? (if yes, please include an email address above)

Yes

No

Hold & Overdue Notice Type

Hold & Overdue Notice Type

Email

Phone Call

Text Message

2 + 6 =

SUBMIT

Address

1 South Main St. Middleton, MA 01949 Get Directions

Library Hours

Monday: 10am - 8pm Tuesday: 10am - 8pm Wednesday: 10am - 8pm Thursday: 10am - 8pm Friday: 10am - 5pm Saturday: Closed Sunday: 1pm - 5pm

SUMMER HOURS

Monday: Closed Tuesday: 10am - 8pm Wednesday: 10am - 8 pm Thursday: 10am - 8 pm Friday: 10am - 2pm Saturday: Closed Sunday: 1pm - 5 pm

The library will be closed on the Sunday before a Monday holiday.

Contact Us

(978) 774-8132 flint3@comcast.net

Quick Links

Museum Passes Event Calendar Online Resources Library Meeting Rooms Commonwealth Catalog

304_Library_picture_from_rendering

417_Friends_of_Flint_Logo

MVLC_logo

final logo

flintrndrngriverside22-e1444477312691

Facebook

Twitter