=== _pages/needham.html ===
source_url: https://needhamlibrary.org/get-a-library-card

Catalog

Account

MENU

Catalog
Account
About

Our Library

About the Library
Using the Library
Map of Holdings
Hours & Directions
Library Staff
Trustees of the Needham Free Public Library
Policies
Library Renovations
Strategic Plan
Latest News
Ask Us
Needham Poet Laureate Program

Get Involved

Support the Library
Friends of the Needham Public Library
Library Foundation of Needham
Donate
Volunteer

Stay Connected

NFPL Facebook
NFPL YouTube
Children's YouTube
NFPL Instagram
Newsletter

Services

General

Get a Library Card
Renew Your Library Card
eBooks, Movies & More
Art and Exhibitions
Library of Things
Video Games
Museum Passes
Study Rooms & Meeting Rooms
Homebound Services
Exam Proctoring

Reading

Catalog
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Booklists
Book Clubs
Suggest a Purchase
Book Recommendations

Technology

Computers and WiFi
Printers, Scanners and More
Technology Help

Research

Research & Databases
Magazines and Newspapers
Genealogy and Local History Room

Kids & Teens

Just for Kids

Dyslexia Information & Resources
STEAM – Temporarily Closed
STEAM at Home
Homework Help
Podcasts for Kids
Race, Justice, and Activism
Fun & Games

Just for Teens

Book Series
Booklists by Topic
If You Liked…
Homework Help
Teen Summer Reading Program!

Digital

Fiero Code
OverDrive
Hoopla
Kanopy Kids

Events
How Do I...?

Get a Library Card
Reserve a Museum Pass
Stream Digital Content
Get Technology Help
Research a Topic
Ask a Question
Sign Up for Our Newsletter

What can we help you find?

Catalog
Website

GO

Get a Library Card

Individuals who live, work or study in Massachusetts are eligible to hold a Minuteman Library Network card, which avails patrons of over six million items held by forty-two member libraries. A valid Minuteman library card allows borrowing privileges at all member libraries, though select resources and databases may be only available based on residency or college affiliation.

Individuals who wish to procure a Minuteman Library Network should present the following:

a current, valid Massachusetts Driver’s license or Massachusetts State Identification Card with current address,

OR

one document from Section 1 AND one document from Section 2 below:

1. Proof of identification –current or expired (must include name and photo)

Passport

Alien Resident Card

Government issued cards, such as Military ID

State issued photo ID including welfare, Medicaid, or FID card

School or university ID

Senior/T.A.P. ID issued by the MBTA

2. Proof of current local address* (Must include applicant’s name)

Utility bill or tax bill (dated within the last 60 days)

Lease agreement

Imprinted bank check or deposit slip

Official school schedule with applicant’s name and address typed on it

Official letter verifying residency and mailing address dated within last 30 days from a social service provider, temporary employer that provides housing, or a short-term residence

Personal letter mailed to the applicant, postmarked within 60 days

eBills

NOTES:

For patrons who cannot produce photo identification or proof of current local address, someone in an official capacity may attest to a person’s identification and/or address (e.g., someone who works in an official capacity at a shelter to attest to the identification and/or address of a person).

No longer acceptable as proof of current address: rent receipts.

If a patron is unable to provide proof of address, the library will mail a card to their address.

*a Post Office Box or business address is not sufficient – a current residential address is required.

Children

If applicant is under 13 years old, parent or legal guardian must provide proof of identification and address. A child must be present for a parent or legal guardian to get him/her a library card.

Teens

If applicant is between the ages of 13 and 17 and cannot meet the ID and address requirements, parent or guardian must provide proof of identification and address. A teen must be present for a parent or legal guardian to get him/her a library card.

Out-Of-State Residents

Out-of-state Residents who meet the following requirements may be issued a library card with sufficient identification:

Work in Massachusetts

Attend school in Massachusetts

Own property in Massachusetts

Are temporarily living in Massachusetts for more than 2 months

Out of state residents must provide identification showing their home/permanent address. Property owners must provide verification such as tax bill, utility bill, etc for their Massachusetts property. Students must verify their status with school identification and provide their school address. Out-of-state residents working in Massachusetts must provide their work address. Patrons who are temporary residents (such as college students or au pairs) should be registered with permanent address in the secondary address field.

Minuteman Library Network eCard

If you already have a physical card from a Minuteman Library, use that online and skip this registration. All Massachusetts residents with a verifiable address are eligible to get an eCard. You may use the eCard to:

Reserve items in the Minuteman catalog

Access ebooks and audio in Minuteman’s Digital Collections

Access your home town’s digital collections if you live in a Minuteman town

You may upgrade this eCard to card with in-library borrowing privileges at your nearest Minuteman Library Network member Public Library.

To get a e-card, follow this link.

E- Card

Related Pages

Art and Exhibitions

eBooks, Movies & More

Get a Library Card

Homebound Services

Museum Passes

Study Rooms & Meeting Rooms

Video Games

Our Library

Research & Databases

Digital Library

Events

Donate

1139 Highland Avenue Needham, MA 02494, USA
781-455-7559

Connect With Us On:

This website was produced with generous support from the Library Foundation of Needham and the Friends of the Needham Public Library in memory of Gregory John Shesko.

© 2026 Needham Free Public Library. All Rights Reserved.