=== _pages/north-andover.html ===
source_url: https://www.stevensmemlib.org/library-card

Stevens Memorial Library

345 Main Street, North Andover, MA 01845

978-688-9505

Home

My Account

Online Catalog

Hours & Directions

Calendar

Contact Us

Borrowing

Services

Bookmobile

Library of Things

Employment Support

Teacher Resources

Purchase Request Form

About the Library

Board of Trustees

Friends of the Library

Policies

Library Projects

Links

Town of North Andover

North Andover Public Schools

North Andover Youth and Recreation Services

North Andover Veterans Services

North Andover Senior Center

North Andover Community Support Services

Merrimack Valley Library Consortium

Commonwealth Catalog

Library Cards

If you have any questions about your eligibility for a library card, please email Stevens-Circulation@NorthAndoverMA.gov.

Residents of North Andover : New borrowers are asked to show photo identification and proof of their North Andover address before they are issued a Stevens library card. A parent or legal guardian must sign the registration form and co-sign the library card of any child under 12.

Residents of towns whose libraries belong to the Merrimack Valley Library Consortium : Patrons who live in another MVLC community can receive a MVLC card OR can use the ecard registration to get a home library card.

Massachusetts residents outside of the Merrimack Valley Library Consortium (MVLC) may either cross-register their other Massachusetts network card or be issued an MVLC card. A patron must have a photo ID (i.e. license, etc.) proving MA residence and complete a registration form.

Local taxpayers who live out-of-state will be given a Stevens library card provided they produce a copy of their local tax bill and a proper I.D.

Employees of the Town of North Andover who live out-of-state may apply for a North Andover Only library card. The card can be used only at the Stevens Memorial Library and does not include interlibrary loan privileges.

Out-of-state patrons who work in North Andover may apply for a North Andover Only library card provided they produce a business card or other employee related documentation and a proper I.D. The card can be used only at the Stevens Memorial Library and does not include interlibrary loan privileges.

North Andover Teachers : Stevens Memorial Library issues Teacher Library Cards to support the North Andover education system. These cards are not issued to individuals who are teachers in other systems, nor are they to be used by family members of North Andover teachers. The purpose of this card is to check out materials for school use (related to curriculum). Personal use materials are not checked out on this card.

To qualify for a Teacher Card:

Individual must work in a North Andover school. School can be public or private.

Individual may teach at any grade level.

Education specialists, such as a Literacy Counselor, are also eligible.

Individual does not need to live in North Andover or Massachusetts.

Homeschooling parents do not qualify for Teacher Library Cards. They may apply for personal use cards, for which standard policies apply.

A North Andover company may be issued a library card after sending or bringing to the library on company letterhead a signed letter agreeing to conform to the library rules and stating which company officer/executive will be in charge of the card and who will take responsibility should any delinquency occur. The card will be good for one year and may be renewed. One card per company is allowed.

Replacement cards cost $1.00. If a patron reports a card is lost or stolen, the patron must fill out a new registration form and show proper identification. The replacement library card will have a new library card number.

Forgotten Library Cards: Patrons who have forgotten to bring their library cards will be required to show photo identification before they may borrow materials.

Copyright 2012 Stevens Memorial Library. For corrections or updates, please email us

Entries (RSS)