=== _pages/north-reading.html ===
source_url: https://flintmemoriallibrary.org/home/borrow-materials/

The ground floor book drop will be inaccessible to the public beginning Tuesday May 5th during vital elevator upgrades and will reopen in the near future. A temporary book dropbox has been installed at the main entrance at the front of the building. The Children’s Room and the 2nd floor Nonfiction section are closed during vital HVAC upgrades, and will reopen in the near future. Please check our website and social media for updates. Patrons will not be able to browse in these areas during this time. Our elevator is out of service until further notice. If you need assistance, please call 978-664-4942. Thank you for your understanding.

978-664-4942

147 Park Street, North Reading, MA 01864

Open now
10:00 am - 5:00 pm

Search

Catalog
Website

Search

Account
Catalog

10:00 am - 5:00 pm
Open now

Home
About

The Library

Hours and Directions
Contact Us
History of the Library
Mission/Trustees
Policies
Staff
Gifts to the Library
Town of North Reading

Friends of the Library

Who Are the Friends?
Join or Support the Friends
Volunteer
Books Sales & Book Donations

Books & More

Catalog

Borrow Materials
MVLC Mobile App
Kanopy
Libby
New Releases

Services & Book Clubs

Activity Room
Artist of the Month
Assignment Help for Teachers
Book Clubs
Printing, Copying, and Scanning

Flint Memorial Library Seed Library

Kids & Teens

For Kids

Children's Room
Elementary Research
Explore Games & Sites
Volunteer

For Teens

Teen Center
Middle School Research
High School Research
Use the NRHS Library Media Center
Overdrive

Reference

All Resources

Databases by Subject
Databases by A-Z

Reference Department

Genealogy & Local History
Community Links
Consumer Reports
Ancestry
North Reading Transcript
NRHS Yearbooks
Printing, Copying, and Scanning

Events

Event Calendar
Zoom FAQs
Book Activity Room & Local History Room

Home » Collections » Borrow Materials

Borrow Materials

BORROWING AND RENEWING MATERIALS

Your library card or a valid ID must be presented to withdraw materials.

A library card is available to all North Reading residents. To obtain a card, you will need a photo ID, preferably a driver’s license with the correct address. If the address is not current, please provide a lease, utility bill, or another document with the current North Reading address.

You can renew materials by calling 978-664-4942, or you can renew materials online . Please note that if there is no hold placed on an item you have, the item will renew automatically.

Please ask a staff member to add a note to your account to give other people, including family members, permission to pick up your items. You may give another person your library card to withdraw materials.

Items that are damaged or not returned will be billed at the purchase or replacement cost.

As of September 1, 2019, there are no late fees on any books, DVDs, CDs, or audiobooks. However, we still charge the aforementioned damaged or lost fees.

The Enterprise online catalog sends a courtesy email reminder notice before an item is due. You can also sign up for Library Elf , a personal email reminder service.

Please help reduce library expenses by:

Returning materials on time

Signing up for e-mail notification

Taking good care of borrowed items

Borrowing Privileges

Items Overdue Fines Loan Period Renewable
Books, Magazines, Audiobooks No 3 weeks Yes, twice
DVDs (Limit of 10 per card) No 1 week Yes, once
Library of Things No Varies Varies
Video Games No 1 week Yes, twice

Online Services

The library is a member of the Merrimack Valley Library Consortium (MVLC), a network of 35 libraries serving the Merrimack Valley. Borrowers in good standing may use the resources of other consortium libraries. Services include interlibrary loan, online databases, and the online catalog. Use the MVLC catalog to access library services online.

Log in to your library account by entering your library card number and your personal identification number (PIN). Once you are logged in you will be able to:

Renew items

Request items

Find out what items you have checked out

Initially, your PIN is the last four digits of your library card. The first time you log in with that PIN you may be asked to select a more secure password that is at least seven characters long and contains both letters and numerals. You may change to a password of your choosing at any time.

Home Delivery

The Flint Memorial Library now offers home delivery services to North Reading residents with library accounts who are unable to visit the library in-person due to short- or long-term disability or hardship.

To learn more or register for home delivery, please call the reference desk at (978) 664-4942 ext. 2 or email emartel@northreadingma.gov

Related Pages

Borrow Materials

MVLC Mobile App

New Releases

Search

What Can We Help you Find? close tab x

Search the Website or Catalog

GO

Catalog

Website

147 Park Street North Reading, MA 01864

978-664-4942

Contact Us

Policies

Hours and Directions

Staff Portal

©2020 Flint Memorial Library, All Rights Reserved.