=== _pages/wayland.html ===
source_url: https://waylandlibrary.org/services/library-card/

Skip to content

5 Concord Rd Wayland, MA 01778

View All

(508) 358-2311

Email

Catalog

Website

Search

Account

Menu

Close

About

Our Library

About
Staff Directory
Location & Hours
Policies
Local History
Newsletter & Sign-up
Board of Trustees
Employment

Support Us

The Impact of Executive Orders
The Friends of Wayland Public Library
Ongoing Book Sale
Book & Media Donations
Donate to the Library
Volunteering

Building Updates

Exterior Site Improvements
Wastewater Management System
Interior Repairs and Improvements - Childrens Room and Public Restrooms
Elevator Modernization
HVAC Maintenance (Details coming soon)

Events

Programs

All Programs
Children's Programs
Teen Programs
Adult Programs

Lifelong Learning

3D Design Tutorials and Videos
Gossels Programs
Great Presenters Series
Program Recordings

Services

Using the Library

My Account
Get a Library Card
Minuteman Mobile
Borrowing Services
Our Technology
3D Printing
Book a Meeting Room
Exhibits and Displays Policy
Home Delivery Services
Request a Purchase

Your Next Read

Adult Summer Reading Challenge
Catalog
Bookmatch
Book Groups
Read Against Racism

Beyond Books

English Language Learning (ESOL)
Tech Help
Seed Library
Movies
Library of Things
Online Resources
BPL eCard & Resources
Museum Discount Passes

Kids & Teens

For Kids

Overview
Summer Reading
Children’s Library Cards
1000 Books Before Kindergarten
Literacy PLAY! Kits
Online Resources for Kids
Children’s Library of Things
Games & Learning
Websites for Kids
Kids Read Against Racism
Staff Picks

For Teens

Overview
Summer Reading
Teen Volunteering
For Writers
Test Prep and College Guides
Study Help
Staff Picks
WHS History Project

What can we help you find?

Catalog

Website

Search

Get a Library Card

How do I obtain a library card?

Come in person to the library with a photo ID and proof of your current Massachusetts address.

Accepted forms of photo ID include, but are not limited to: state driver’s license or ID, passport, military ID, and student ID

Accepted forms of current address include, but are not limited to: state driver’s license or ID, passport, bill, and government sent mail

If your document has both a photo ID and your current address, that is the only document needed to obtain a library card.

Children’s cards are issued in the Children’s Department (Lower Level). Please go here for more information.

Any age person may have a library card.

Can’t make it to the Library right now?

You can get started with a temporary e-card here . Come into the library with proof of address to convert it into a standard account with full permissions.

Avoid Duplicate Accounts:

Had a Minuteman Library Card before, but unsure if it’s still active? Give us a call and we can confirm for you before online registration.

I got a message that my card is expired or expiring— What do I do?

Call or come into the library so that we can confirm that the contact information on record for you is still accurate (Did you move? Did you get rid of your landline? Are you a teen whose parent’s email is still primary on your account?). It’s a quick process that you can do in person or by phone. We’ll mark your account as up-to-date and your same card (and card number) will continue to be active. There is no need to register for a new card when you get this message.

Some patrons are able to renew their library card online via Minuteman’s e-renew form.

I already have a library card, can I get it on my smartphone?

YES! The Minuteman Mobile app is available at the Apple App Store or Google Play Store. The app puts your library card AND your library in your pocket!

Click the icon below for instructions and FAQ!

What are the benefits associated with my card?

As a Massachusetts resident and a member of the Minuteman Library Network, your card provides access to materials at more than forty libraries. With your card number and a PIN, you can browse our catalog , access databases , reserve museum passes , request materials, keep a reading history, view your own acc ount , and more.

Do I need my card to check out library materials?

The most efficient and reliable way to check out materials is to have your card. If you do not have it with you, a picture ID is acceptable. Other MLN libraries may require a card.

How do I get more information?

Questions about loan periods, renewals, returns, requests, and other borrowing services can be found on our Borrowing Services page.

Questions about overdue charges or lost items can be answered on our Fine Policy page.

Here is more information about the online catalog and your account .

Related Pages

Minuteman Mobile App

Tax Forms

3D Printing

Get a Library Card

Borrowing Services

Home Delivery Services

Technology

Contact Us

Meeting Rooms

©2026 Wayland Free Public Library, All Rights Reserved.

5 Concord Rd Wayland, MA 01778

(508) 358-2311

info.wyl@minlib.net

Subscribe to our Newsletter