=== _pages/weston.html ===
source_url: https://www.westonma.gov/CivicSend/ViewMessage/message/165250

Are you looking for a private club with an exclusive, carefully curated member list? How about an institution where only the cream of the crop gets past the bouncers? Better yet, an invitation-only association where you need to pay a small fortune and your firstborn child in membership dues? Yeah, so we're NOT that.

Exclusive membership? Nah.

If you have a Massachusetts address, you make the cut. If you don't have a library card, just visit our Circulation Desk. Library card signup takes 5 minutes or less and all you need is something verifying your name and address, like a driver's license or school ID. If you don't have something like that, don't stress, just give us a call and we can figure out what you do have that will work. If you can't wait another minute to check out our digital resources, you can get a digital library card online and get instant access to our Overdrive/Libby eBook, magazine, and digital audiobook collection. This eCard is only good for 6 months, so plan to drop by the library to convert your eCard to a fancy-schmancy physical card that never expires.

A membership that NEVER expires
Yes, you read that right. Over the next few months, Minuteman Library Network will be doing away with library card expirations. As long as you use your card every now and again, it will remain active forever. We will still remind you to update us if your contact info changes. Speaking of that, have you moved? Got a new phone? Forgot the password to your old email and just abandoned the whole thing (not that we've ever done that)? Just call the circulation desk at 781-786-6150 and press 1 to have our staff update your account.

You don't need to "know someone" to get into these events

Genealogy Series
Starts March 3
Register now!

Finding Your Dream College
With the Princeton Review
Click to register.

Zoom with local author,
Joy Viola
Click to register now

Our library is a welcoming place. Open to all.
Try to think of all the places that you can go to work, play, or just be. How many of those places don't expect you to buy anything or pay to get in? We bet you can't think of too many. Weston Public Library is a community gathering space that offers equal access to all comers. We hope that you will pop by and enjoy your Weston Public Library by settling into a comfy chair with a newspaper, sitting down to do a puzzle, borrowing a good book, or even checking out the Library of Things metal detector .

Share on Facebook

Share on Twitter

Share via Email

Copyright 2021 Weston, Mass. All Rights Reserved. 11 Town House Road, Weston, Mass. 02493 Comments can be sent to webmaster@westonma.gov

Powered by