Plan Your Visit | Harvard Museum of Natural History
Skip to main content
arrow_circle_down
menu
close
Menu
Search
Search
search
Become a Member
Host an Event
Visit
Exhibitions
Programs
Education
Support
About
Breadcrumbs
Home
chevron_right
Visit
Plan Your Visit
Visit
Visit
expand_more
Directions and Parking
Groups
Accessibility
The Shop at HMNH
Save With CityPASS®
Make a Day of It: Harvard Square
The Harvard Museum of Natural History is one of the four
Harvard Museums of Science & Culture
.
General Admission
General admission gives access to all exhibits, including the
Glass Flowers Gallery
.
Tickets can only be purchased at the admissions desk and the museum shop.
The museum is connected to the
Peabody Museum of Archaeology & Ethnology
, and admission to one museum admits you to both during regular hours.
Adults: $15.00
Seniors (65+): $13.00
Harvard ID Holders: Free +1 guest
Non-Harvard students with ID: $10.00
Youth ages 3–18: $10.00
Youth under 3: Free
Free for members
Directions and Parking
Learn about transportation options and where to park
.
Hours
Open daily from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm
Closed the following days:
Wednesday, November 25, 2026 (day before Thanksgiving)
Thursday, November 26, 2026 (Thanksgiving Day)
Thursday, December 24, 2026 (Christmas Eve)
Friday, December 25, 2026 (Christmas)
Saturday, December 26, 2026
Sunday, December 27, 2026
Friday, January 1, 2027 (New Year's Day)
The museum opens late on the following days:
Tuesday, September 30, 2025 (at 12:00 pm)
Wednesday, November 19, 2025 (at 11:00 am)
Tuesday, March 17, 2026 (at 11:00 am)
Wednesday, May 27, 2026 (at 11:00 am)
The museum closes early on the following day:
Thursday, January 15, 2026 (at 3:00 pm)
Special Free Admission (with valid ID)
Free to holders of a current Harvard ID;
Harvard Museums of Science & Culture members
, and
Harvard Art Museums members
.
Free to Massachusetts residents every Sunday morning from 9:00 am to 12:00 pm and on Wednesdays from 3:00 pm to 5:00 pm. Proof of residency required. This offer is not available to commercial groups.
Free to Massachusetts Teachers (K—12).
Free for Massachusetts residents who present an EBT or WIC card, and up to five guests. We are proud to participate in
Mass Cultural Council's Card to Culture program
in collaboration with the Department of Transitional Assistance, the Department of Public Health's WIC Nutrition Program, the Massachusetts Health Connector, and hundreds of cultural organizations across Massachusetts. See the complete list of participating organizations offering
EBT
,
WIC
, and
ConnectorCare
discounts.
Please note that the museum offers discounts for EBT and WIC participants. We
do not
offer discounts for ConnectorCare cardholders.
ASTC Travel Passport Program
Free to members of institutions participating in the
ASTC Travel Passport Program
. Local restrictions apply, please review the
guidelines and restrictions
before your visit.
National Endowment for the Arts Blue Star Museums Program
Free to active duty military with their families in collaboration with the
National Endowment for the Arts Blue Star Museums Program.
Year-round free admission is offered to the Peabody Museum and Harvard Museum of Natural History using the Blue Star Museums guidelines.
Discounted Admission (with valid ID)
Library Passes
Library patrons can reserve discount passes through their local, Massachusetts-based, library to visit our museums! Library pass admission includes entry to the Harvard Museum of Natural History, the Peabody Museum of Archaeology & Ethnology, the Harvard Museum of the Ancient Near East, and the Collection of Historical Scientific Instruments.
Please be prepared to show the physical library pass and proof of Massachusetts residency.
Only one member of the party must be a MA resident.
T
he pass admits up to four visitors. The passes are non-transferable and may not be combined with other offers.
Are you a library looking to offer passes to your patrons?
Learn more about our Library Membership Program.
Save with CityPASS®
Sightseeing in Boston? Bundle Museum admission with 3 other top Boston attractions and save up to 45% with
Boston CityPASS®
. Visit the attractions at your own pace, in any order, over 9 days.
One easy purchase and mobile ticket delivery saves time and money.
Buy CityPASS® tickets online
and present them to the Museum admissions desk for entry.
Boston CityPASS® Includes (choose 4):
Harvard Museum of Natural History
New England Aquarium
Museum of Science
Boston Harbor City Cruises
View Boston Observation Deck
Franklin Park Zoo
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Go City: Boston All-Inclusive Pass
Harvard Museum of Natural History is one of the Boston attractions offered by Go City. Discover 40+ top Boston attractions and save up to 55% with
Go City
. Choose between a 1, 2, 3, 5 or 7-day All-Inclusive Pass and get exploring – visit the Paul Revere House, get hands-on at the Museum of Science, hop on an entertaining guided trolley tour and meet the critters at New England Aquarium. There are different activities to suit everyone—all hand-picked by a team of local experts. Your pass is fully digital and comes with a handy city guide to help you plan your trip. See more. Spend less.
Group Visits
Advance reservations are required.
Learn about admission rates and registration information for
group visits
and
prepaid museum passes for educational institutions
.
School Visits
See
school program descriptions and rates
. Please call (617)495-2341 for information and reservations, or email
hmnhreserve@hmsc.harvard.edu
.
Museum Policies
Enjoy your visit, and please help us keep the museum safe and comfortable for other visitors.
No eating or drinking in the galleries
Our passages are narrow; keep them accessible for other visitors.
Do not lean on glass cases; they are fragile.
Cell phones are permitted for phone calls in the ground and third floor lobbies.
Personal photography is allowed; however, the use of flash and tripods is not permitted in the galleries. Commercial photography or video cameras are not permitted without written permission. See information on
photography and videography requests for commercial use
.
Drawing is encouraged in the galleries, but the use of clay, paints, pastels, and chalk is not permitted. Please do not block passageways; keep them accessible to other visitors.
The Harvard Museums of Science & Culture are committed to creating an environment where every visitor feels welcomed and respected. Our dedicated staff and volunteers are here to make your visit safe and enjoyable. Abusive, harassing, discriminatory, or threatening language or behavior toward volunteers, staff, or other visitors will not be tolerated.
Visitors agree to abide by the University’s
Campus Use Rules
, the guidelines on the museums’ websites, and all instructions posted in the museums or provided by staff and volunteers during the visit. If a visitor or member of their party fails to follow the University and/or museums’ guidelines and instructions, they may be denied entry or required to leave the premises.
These policies are subject to change or reevaluation.
Contact us at
hmsc@hmsc.harvard.edu
or 617-496-1638 with questions or for additional assistance before you arrive.
Harvard Museums of Science & Culture Map
Explore the galleries of the Harvard Museum of Natural History, the Peabody Museum of Archaeology & Ethnology, the Harvard Museum of the Ancient Near East, and the Collection of Historical Scientific Instruments. All four Harvard Museums of Science & Culture are within a five-minute walk of each other.
Plan Your Visit
|
Shop
location_on
Harvard Museum of Natural History
26 Oxford Street
Cambridge, MA 02138
smartphone
(617) 495-3045
email
hmnh@hmsc.harvard.edu
Social
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Privacy Policy
Admin login
Copyright © 2026 The President and Fellows of Harvard College
Accessibility
Digital Accessibility
Report Copyright Infringement
Info Practices