Borrowing Items - Malden Public Library
-->
Login to My MPL
Catalog
Renew
Translate
Join In
Join In
Make a Donation
Join Friends of the Malden Public Library
Purchase MPL items
Read Our Blog
Make a suggestion or comment
Join Malden Reads
Email a Librarian
Volunteer
View the Menu
MPL
About
Location & Hours
General Information
Browse MPL
Library Catalog
Books
World Languages
Downloads
DVD’s
Events & Programs
Local History
Museum Passes
Services
Ask a Librarian
Book Groups
Borrowing Items
Computers & Wi-Fi
ESOL
Job Help
Library of Things
Meeting Rooms
Museum Passes
Rotating Art Exhibit
Suggest a Purchase
Writing Groups
e-Library
All Resources
eBooks & Audiobooks
Magazines
Movies & Television
Music
Research
Youth/Teens
Youth
Teens
Converse Art & Archives
Converse Memorial Building
Archives
Art Galleries
Digitized Archives
Our Community
Malden Public Library in the News
Friends of the Malden Public Library
Malden Reads
Contact Us
Services
Ask a Librarian
Book Groups
Borrowing Items
Computers & Wi-Fi
English Language Learners/ESOL
Job Help
Library of Things
Meeting Rooms
Museum Passes
Rotating Art Exhibit
Suggest a Purchase
Writing Groups
Borrowing Items
Get a Library Card
Want to apply to get a library card at the Malden Public Library?
Great
! It’s easy to do and very rewarding plus its FREE (if you’re a Massachusetts resident or you work in Malden ). Just follow the registrations steps below to apply to get your new library card. Please remember that Library Card Registration
ends 30 min before closing time
. Currently at this time the Malden Public Library only offers
in-person
registration.
What you will need to register for a Library Card
A library card application (available at the Circulation Desk)
A Current and valid ID with photo, name and current address (see acceptable forms of ID below)
The Malden Public Library currently accepts the following forms of ID for Library Registration:
MA Driver’s License/Learner’s Permit
MA State ID
Current school year report card/schedule
Check Book
Telephone Bill
Gas Bill
Electric Bill
Bank Statement
or Post Office change of address notification (has to have first and last name)
High School Picture ID ( young adults only)
Additional Library Card Holder Privileges:
Malden Public Library cards entitle borrowers to take out materials from libraries in Boston, Chelsea and Malden (the Metro Boston Library Network). Materials not currently available in Malden may be requested from MBLN libraries and other network libraries.
Lost Library Card:
A lost library card may be replaced upon presentation of a valid ID and a replacement fee of $2.00 per adult card/young adult card and $1.00 per child’s card.
Lending Terms
Loan Periods
Item
Limit
Loan Period
New books
*
21 days
Books on CD
6
21 days
CDs (music)
10
21 days
Language Tape Sets
2
21 days
Magazines
4/Title
21 days
DVDs
10
7 days
Books on 1 Subject
**
21 days
Juvenile Books on 1 Subject
**
21 days
Museum Passes†
1
1 day/week/family
Wifi Hotspots
1
21 Days
*No limit, **No limit, except high-demand materials, †Malden Residents only
Returns
Books, magazines, and audio-visual material may be returned to any Metro Boston Library Network member library (Boston, Chelsea, and Malden). Only books, magazines, and museum passes may be returned in the Book Return. Borrowers will be charged for damage to any materials left in the Book Return. Audiovisual items may be returned in the Audiovisual Return Bin.
Museum passes must be returned to the Malden Public Library and may be returned in the Book Return. If the library is open, please return passes to the Information Desk.
DVDs, books on tape/CD, music CDs, CD-ROMs, books with CD-ROM/DVD, and mixed media bags borrowed from the Malden Public Library must be returned in the Audiovisual Return bin. Do not deposit these items into the Book Return. Any audiovisual item deposited in the Book Return will incur a $5 fine.
Overdue Fines & Fees
Adult Materials
No fines
Videocassettes, DVDs/VCDs
No fines
Museum Passes
$5.00/day
Maximum: $25.00 per pass.
Children’s Materials
No fines
As a courtesy, notices are sent as a reminder to return overdue Library items. Patrons are responsible for returning items on time even if they do not receive an overdue notice. Patron borrowing and Internet privileges are suspended when outstanding charges reach $10.00 or more, or when an account is 30 days past due.
Automated Renewals
To help you save time, most of what you borrow at Malden Public Library will automatically renew up to 2 times. Exceptions include:
E-books, streaming and downloadable media
Museum passes and materials that may be subject to shorter loan periods
Items borrowed from Roxbury Community College
Items obtained from a library outside of MPL’s lending network or through inter-library loan
Overdue items
Items with holds from other users
User accounts with fines/fees accrued to $10 or more and/or any other blocks
Automatic renewal is determined by item type, therefore it is not possible to turn automatic renewals off for an individual patron. By default, eligible items are renewed three days before their due date and are due again one full loan period after that original due date. Renewal notices will be delivered to patrons with an email number on file. Almost overdue reminders for items that cannot be automatically renewed and automatic renewal notices have been combined into one notice.
When Automatic Renewals is not applicable, you may be able to renew in person,
by phone, or online:
In Person
: Renewals can be done at the Circulation Desk at the Malden Public Library. You’ll need your library card but not the item being renewed
By Phone
: Call the Automated Telephone Circulation System (TeleCirc) at
617-859-5908
. Please have your library card and PIN on hand. This option is available 24/7. If you’d like to renew via telephone during our business hours, you can call
781-324-0218
; please have your library card number on hand.
Online
: Log on to the
online catalog
. Please have your library card and PIN number on hand.
PIN numbers are available at the information and circulation desks or by calling the library at
781-324-0218
.
Inter-library Loan
If we do not own a specific item you are looking for or our copy is checked out, we may still be able to get it for you.
Using your library card and pin number, you can order many items from other libraries in the
Metro-Boston Library Network
. Just search for the item you are looking for, click on HOLD THIS FOR ME, enter your information and select Malden Public Library as your pickup destination. This is a FREE service!
If the item is not available through MBLN, come into the library or give us a call at (781) 324-0218. We may be able to locate these items through another network. It may take a little longer than ordering through
Boston Public Library
, but the cost is still FREE.
We can also locate magazine and journal articles for you in the same way. There is a small cost for photocopies, but we may also be able to e-mail you the article if we receive it electronically.
quicklinks:
Location & Hours
Community Resources
Museum Passes
Library of Things
Meeting Rooms
©2026 Malden Public Library, 36 Salem St., Malden, MA 02148
(781) 324-0218
|
info@maldenpubliclibrary.org
|
Site Credit