About the Salem Witch Museum
Purchase Same-Day Tickets
Visit
About Museum
Events
Discounts & Discount Partners
Group Tours
Cost
Parking
Visit October
History
Blog
Virtual Exhibit
Descendants
Witches: Evolving Perceptions
Salem Witch Trials
International Connections
Videos
Education
FAQ
Student Resources
Teacher Resources
Virtual Programming
1692 Online Sites Tour
Witch Hunt Wall Project
Museum Store
For Media
Visit
About the Museum
The Salem Witch Museum examines one of the most enduring and emotional events in American history: the Salem witch trials of 1692. The museum consists of two presentations. The first provides an immersive look into the events of 1692. Visitors experience the drama of that dark time though thirteen life-size stage sets, figures, lighting, and narration as they are witness to the web of lies and intrigue of the trials. The second exhibit,
Witches: Evolving Perceptions
, explores the meaning behind the word witch and evolution of the image of the witch over time. This presentation focuses on the European witch trials, discusses the emergence of the stereotypical witch, and explores the phenomenon of witch-hunting. Visitors are guided through the space by one of our docents and encouraged to peruse a selection of artifacts and informational panels while learning about this fascinating history.
The museum is open year-round, every day except Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year’s Day, and in January for several weeks to perform routine maintenance.
Presentations are offered every half-hour from 10:00AM to 4:30PM with extended hours in July, August, and October. Plan to allow at least one hour for your visit.
We offer our main presentation in French, German, Japanese, Spanish, Italian, Russian, Mandarin, and Cantonese by request.
Please Note:
The Salem Witch Museum presentation depicts tragic history, including a tableau of the Devil, the pressing of Giles Corey, and the hanging of George Burroughs.
This content may not be suitable for all audiences.
Whose Statue is Out Front?
Roger Conant: The Founder of Salem
A statue of Roger Conant, the founder of Salem, stands outside the Salem Witch Museum. Due to the statue’s hat, cloak, and proximity to the museum, Roger Conant is often mistaken for a witch and participant in the Salem witch trials.
Roger Conant was baptized in All Saints Church in the parish of East Budleigh, Devonshire, England on April 9, 1592. His father was the leading merchant of the neighboring parish of Clayton. Family tradition says that, as young boy, Conant met Sir Walter Raleigh. Later, he and his young family came to New England; likely arriving in Plymouth in 1622.
The Dorchester Company established a fishing settlement on Cape Ann during the winter of 1623-24 under a charter with England. Located at Stage Point, now Gloucester, the company invited Roger Conant to join them in 1625 as their governor “for the management and government of all their affairs at Cape Ann.”
After a year’s residence, Conant became convinced of the need for a more permanent settlement and found an ideal site at the mouth of the Naumkeag River. There the settlement thrived and grew by farming as well as fishing. When Governor Endicott arrived in 1628, he incorporated Conant and his men into the new government. The Dorchester Company went into bankruptcy in 1627 and became the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1629 under charter from England. Known as the Old Planters, Conant and his followers lent continuity to the new settlement and can be considered the founding fathers of Naumkeag, renamed “Salem” from the Hebrew word “Shalom,” meaning peace.
" alt="Red Line" /> "Shalom" or Peace on June 29, 1629. Roger Conant died on November 19, 1679 considering himself "...an instrument, though a weak one, of foundering and furthering this colony..."
After Conant’s death, the colony suffered through the witch trials of 1692. However, in the 18th-century, Salem took a leading role in developing international trade routes and enjoyed a period of prosperity and fame. The 19th-century saw the advent of immigrants who enriched the business and cultural life of the city as shipping was replaced by rail transportation. By the 20th-century Salem had grown from a colony struggling with crisis to a cosmopolitan city.
Today, Salem is a city of fascinating complexity. Traces of her history can be seen everywhere from the 17th-century buildings, the priceless items brought back from exotic ports by Salem ship captains, the extraordinary architecture, and the multi-ethnic character of her streets. The city of Salem attracts visitors today as the harbor and rivers and fields of Naumkeag drew Roger Conant over 300 years ago.
Interested in learning some more facts about Salem and the trials? Visit our
FAQ
to learn more!
Salem Haunted Happenings
Official Guide to Salem
Salem Motor Coach Route Map
SalemWeb.com – The City Guide
Boston/Salem Ferry Services
Massachusetts Office of Tourism
The GoBoston Card
Salem Witch Museum
19 1/2 Washington Square North
Salem, Massachusetts 01970
978.744.1692
Home
Visit
Languages
Witch Trials Online Sites Tour
Blog
Contact and Directions
Store
About the Museum
Hours
Parking
Ticketing Information and Prices
Group Tours
Discount Partners
The Salem Witch Trials
FAQ
Videos
Witch Hunt Wall Project
©
2026 Copyright
Salem Witch Museum. Website designed and developed by
Sperling Interactive
.