Homepage | Discovery Museum
Skip to main content
Visit
Plan Your Visit
Events & Programs
Exhibits
Exhibit Guides
Ways To Save
Accessibility
Especially for Me
Discovery Store
Gift Passes and Memberships
Education
Traveling Science Workshops
Field Trips
Student Activity Supplements
Discovery at Home
Discovery Soundbites - NEW!
Discover da Vinci
Grandparent Discoveries Blog
Video Series: Ready To Play
About
Mission & Philosophy
Access for All: Open Door Connections
Newsroom
Board of Directors & Advisory Committees
Contact & Staff Directory
Annual Reports
Jobs & Volunteer Opportunities
Plans & Progress: Sustainability, Strategic Plan, DEAI
Support Us
How To Give
Business & Corporate
Donate Now!
Planned Giving
Bid for Kids Online Auction | May 18 - 27
$1.6M campaign for in-school STEM
Discovery After Dark | July 23
Calendar
Parties & Rentals
Visitor Photos
Become a Member
Select
Language
Search
Homepage
Discovery Museum Awarded the Nation's Highest Museum Honor
This prestigious award honors institutions that make significant and exceptional contributions to their communities. We are deeply honored and very proud!
Read the announcement
Free Friday Nights!
Visit the first Friday night of each month—every Friday night in summer!—with free admission 4:30 to 8:00pm. We gladly accept non-perishable food donations for local pantries.
Especially for Me!
We offer special free admission hours for families with children with an ASD, hearing or vision loss, sensory sensitivities and more, because we want every child to be able to visit.
It's for me!
Play and Explore in Discovery Woods
Our 550-square foot, fully accessible treehouse and surrounding nature playscape will get you playing outside—12 months a year!
Let's Explore
Play Matters
Great play is what every kid needs, and every kid deserves.
Learn why
Science | Nature | Play
The Museum combines the best STEAM exhibits from our original two museums—for little kids, big kids, and adults—and much more!
See what's here
Host your party here!
Have a fun and memorable party—for your child's birthday or other celebration—here at Discovery Museum!
Learn more!
Play Matters
Our philosophy starts with the simple belief that kids are capable of incredible things. Our job is to nurture that ability; our goal is to support kids’ healthy development. Play is how kids learn—here, it is in both a STEAM-rich environment and inviting outdoor experience.
Our mission
Today’s Hours
CLOSED
Plan Your Visit
We're hiring educators!
Are you a retired teacher or informal educator? Or, do you know any? We are expanding our in-school STEM workshops program and looking to fill multiple positions throughout the region, from the North Shore to south of Waltham!
See our job openings
TSW in the News!
WCVB NewsCenter 5 joined our STEM workshop at Dale Street School in Medfield—watch and see this great group of 5th grade learners explore the dramatic physical changes of matter!
Watch now!
Discovery Soundbites—NEW!
Three questions. Short interviews. BIG ideas! In podcast or video form—in less than 10 minutes—learn from experts about topics of relevance to kids and families.
Learn more
Host your party with us!
Birthday parties are back at Discovery Museum! Host your child's birthday party or other special event in the Museum and our newly renovated and expanded Community Building for a fun and memorable event!
Learn more
Events & Programs
See
Calendar
Sun
May
17
Meet the Artist: Nami Yamaguchi
10:00am
to
12:00pm
Join local fiber artist Nami Yamaguchi to explore wet felting, a process using water, wool, and your hands! We’ll layer and play with colorful wool to. . .
Tue
May
12
Make a Mess: Spring Scent Finger Painting
10:00am
to
12:00pm
Tue
May
12
Members-Only Evening
4:30pm
to
8:00pm
Wed
May
13
Kitchen Chemistry: Reaction Rates
2:00pm
to
4:00pm
Thu
May
14
Backyard and Beyond: Outdoor Yoga
1:30pm
to
2:00pm
Latest News
See All
News
STEM Career Night for High School Students at Discovery Museum
ACTON - Discovery Museum invites high school students excited about Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics to a free event to learn more about STEM careers. The 2026 STEM Career Night for. . .
Grandparent Discoveries Blog
Help Wanted: Grandparent Ambassadors
Cheryl Beaudoin
At Discovery Museum, our philosophy is to support kids, their curiosity, and their learning—and to support the parents and caregivers who play such a critical role in their early development. We know that parents sometimes can arrive at Discovery Museum carrying stress and can feel overwhelmed. With. . .
An Award-Winning Destination
177 Main Street (Route 27)
Acton, Massachusetts 01720
Phone: 978-264-4200
fun@discoveryacton.org
©2026 Discovery Museum |
Site Credits
Discovery Museum is a community-supported nonprofit organization.
Website Accessibility
Stay in Touch
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Email Address
Support the
Discovery Museum
Become a Member
Request Passes For Your Fundraiser
We appreciate the support of our work by the Institute for Museum and Library Services and Cummings Foundation. Thank you!